url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/barista-world-trade-center/review-185112
name: Barista (World Trade Center)
excerpt: A Barista outlet at the bustling WTC.
yamu_review: ['The Barista at WTC is just okay.', "They've got your usual selection of sandwiches and a couple of pastries along with a few heavier items like rice and pasta (around Rs. 800 a pop). There's also the basic selection of coffees, teas, and shakes.\xa0", "We opted for a Honey Roast Chicken Sandwich (Rs. 490), a Cappuccino (Rs. 410) and a Pain Au Chocolat (Rs. 120). We've had their pol sambol, cheese, and egg sandwich before and thought it was quite good, so perhaps stick with that instead.", 'The flavour of the chicken itself was good despite the marginally dry texture, but the sandwich was embarrassing in its construction. A solitary lettuce leaf, a solitary cold cheese slice (not melted or melty even), and some paltry smatterings of chicken lay within lightly toasted white bread.', 'They also charged us an extra Rs. 100 for the cheese without mentioning the additional charge. Opening up the sandwich was a truly bleak sight.\xa0', 'The Pain Au Chocolat was cold when it arrived, so I asked them to pop it in the oven for a couple of seconds. When it came back it had deflated slightly (to be expected I guess).', "The Rs. 120 price point isn't bad, but the pastry tasted ", " like airplane food. Whether it was the usage of soulless margarine instead of butter, or the general frozen mass-produced taste, I'm not sure.", "Finally the coffee. I'm no coffee connoisseur, so the usage of commercially-available global blends like Lavazza doesn't offend me. For a small cup I thought Rs. 410 was pricey, but the coffee itself was fine, complete with a marginal amount of foam and a bit of coffee art.", 'The setting is as soulless as the margarine, with super generic seating, some corporate ads as art, and no discernable decor.', "The chairs are comfortable enough, and there's a lovely view of the Presidential Secretariat, but that's about it. The best part is that the Wi-Fi is free and fast.", "The service was alright. There was an inordinate number of waitstaff, which didn't quite explain why my sad sandwich remnants weren't cleared up for about 30 minutes. They were friendly (they shout hello at you when you enter) and helpful though, so that was some compensation.", "An absolutely underwhelming experience that I'd only recommend if you need a comfortable spot to perch at while waiting for a meeting at WTC. If you're willing to overlook how meh the place is, grab their morning deal (cappuccino or tea plus sandwich at Rs. 360), log into the Wi-Fi, look at the Old Parliament and get some work done."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ["\n\n                                    I'd say the Taste of Asia at WTC is a better option.\n                                            "]
contact: Call 011 2 332163
address: Level 3, World Trade Center, Bank of Ceylon Mawatha, Colombo 01 
directions: 
                
