url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/beard-papas-urban-kitchen/review-72421
name: Beard Papa's (Urban Kitchen)
excerpt: Beard Papa's is an international franchise which specializes in cream puffs. The first outlet opened in Japan in 1999.
yamu_review: ["Conjuring up an image of a fatherly figure, Beard Papa's is a name which doesn't give any hints as to what they're all about\xa0— which is cream puffs, with flavoured custard fillings. A Japanese international franchise, they've now opened shop in Colombo, and can be found at ", "There's nothing elaborate here, with a very focused offering. The cream puffs available here comes with chocolate, and vanilla fillings, and are dusted with a fine powder of each flavour. We've read that there are a variety of other flavours in other parts of the world, so we'd like to see this expand to offering a bit more than these two basics.", 'Nonetheless, we tried out both available flavours, and both sizes.', "Priced at Rs. 200 (minus tax), the regular ones comes overflowing with creamy custard, with the vanilla not really having a vanilla flavour but coming off more like a subtle white chocolate. The custard cream was well done, and the choux pastry was fresh, light and crispy. It's rather messy when you eat it, because the choux crumbles and there's a cream spillage, but that seems to be the case with most puff pastries, including our favourite from ", "The chocolate flavoured ones tasted akin to something made of Kandos chocolate powder, which is to say that it wasn't intensely chocolatey because of the creaminess.", "They also offer a small selection of caffeinated drinks, so Malinthe got a double espresso (Rs. 350) and I went for a mocha (Rs. 400). The espresso wasn't bitter and was satisfactory as far as flavour goes, but the quantity wasn't enough to be a double. The mocha tasted more like hot chocolate without any hint of caffeine in it, and again had a Kandos chocolate powder quality to it.", "Everything's served in disposable plates and cups, btw.", "These two were much better, with the ambience being of an un-crowded food court. Seating shares the same space as the\xa0wood-fired pizza outlet directly opposite Beard Papa's, and the place is pleasant and clean. Well maintained, basically.", "Service is really nice, with the staff being accomodating, attentive, and friendly. It's also quite fast, and they don't dilly-dally. Add to that, they smile and are efficient, so double plus points from me.", "The regular cream puffs are okay, but we don't think it's really worth the price. The mini ones comes upto Rs. 200, and is quite disappointing. Their drinks aren't too great, so it's better to stick with what they specialize in and hope that they offer more than just the basic flavours soon."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    I tried today the mini puff for 170 is not worth. Also cashier had no change and l ended up paying more\n                                            ', "\n\n                                    I got a bunch of the cream puff's , I really like it.  ", '\nThe choux is really fresh and the fact that they weigh each one after filling is a good touch.  ', '\nHope they  improve on their variety. They seem to have a pretty interesting range on their main site.', '\n', '\nThe Mini Puffs are just bite size and not worth it.  Go for the normal size ones.\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    best cream puffs in the world\n                                            ', "\n\n                                    I don't understand why the shops charges 13% taxes??? It became very expensive and not worth at all. A simple ice-coffee costs more than 500 rps.  Customers are paying more for the franchise than the food. Sad! \n                                            ", "\n\n                                    Beard Papa's is a well loved international store and I'm so happy they're in Sri Lanka. I disagree with the review-- you get what you pay for which is fresh high quality cream and expertly made puffs. I went to try it out and was pleasantly surprised to find that they taste exactly like the cream puffs at their 76th st store in NYC.  Not as much variety in terms of flavors and styles, but their vanilla cream puff is a classic anyway. Highly encourage you to go try it out for yourself.\n                                            ", '\n\n                                    The cream puffs are light and delicious, not like the other cafe sweets which are heavy and very sweet. I would recommend the regular cream puffs because its full of cream inside  and worth its price.\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Tried their new chocolate eclairs today. 250 (2.26 AUD/ 2.32 SGD)  bucks a piece. ', '\r\nThin layer of chocolate outside with vanilla cream inside. The thing was soft, but to he honest I was NOT impressed.   I have tasted better ones elsewhere.  Also the price is quite expensive for a small eclair.   It should be around 125 bucks IMHO.\n                                            ', "\n\n                                    Anybody know this's Halal or halal ingredient are used? \n                                            "]
contact: Call 077 77 2 99 22
address: 69, Hyde Park Corner, Colombo 2 
directions: It's situated in the Arpico Supercentre premises, and shares space with Urban Kitchen. Turn right soon after you enter UK.
