url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/beehive-by-rnr/review-124225
name: Beehive by RnR
excerpt: Beehive by RnR is a restaurant anchored at the Racecourse complex with one of the most unique interiors.
yamu_review: ['Beehive by RnR is one of the few restaurants that takes its name really seriously - probably more seriously than everything else that needs more serious attention. As it is, they have no licence, so will rather insistently remind you to bring your own booze.\xa0', '\xa0', 'The menu is pretty much similar to what you would expect at most cafes and pub-style restaurants. You get a range of pastas, burgers and some classics like Fish and Chips.', 'We opted for two classics - a portion of Fish and Chips (Rs 600++) and Hot Butter Cuttlefish with Chips (Rs 700++).', "I was expecting 2 huge fillets of batter fried fish, but\xa0received a few medium-sized pieces of batter fried fish instead. No complaints about the amount of fish, though. The taste, however, didn't blow me away. It was alright. It lacked salt and seasoning. It was something I would eat if I were dying, but wouldn't bother ordering again.", "The Hot Butter Cuttlefish didn't look like the picture I had drawn in my mind. I expected to see little lotuses of golden fried cuttlefish, but saw strings of very lazily fried cuttlefish among stir-fried leeks. It seemed as if the chef remembered about the saltlessness in the Fish and Chips when making my cuttlefish,\xa0so decided to double the dose in this. The cuttlefish was pretty darn salty. This dish, like the Fish and Chips,\xa0was just okay as it was super salty without much spice.", 'The french fries that were served with both dishes, on the other hand, were very well fried. Most restaurants tend to either overfry these heavenly strips of potato or underfry them, but these had the right amount of crunch and right amount of potato. They were also seasoned with salt and chilli powder. So, +1 on that. If you want to know who does the best French fries,', '.', '\xa0', 'Disclaimer: this may sound like a rant.', "Service felt like though the staff didn't really care about the patrons.", "The ambience, in contrast to the we-don't-care-about-who-comes service, was on the other end of the spectrum. Beehive by RnR is one of those few restaurants that lives up to its literal meaning.", 'The stairway is ornamented with jars filled with a golden glaze to look like honey and the downstair seating has partitions made of honeycomb structures. These two were the highlight of the restaurant. To see a place take their name so literally is amazing!', "While the upstair seating isn't beehive-y, it's got a good view of the racecourse and there's a rack that has got a variety of indoor games - great if you are planning on drunk-quarelling with your friends over monopoly. There's a pool table too. So, Beehive is also a gamehive.", "In conclusion, the food was mediocre, the service was bad, but the restaurant's physical attributes were appealing, if not a bit strange.", "It's definitely one of those places to head to when you have a bottle of whiskey lying around but none of your friends' mothers would entertain your hooligan-y and tipsy\xa0bunch of friends."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ["\n\n                                    Sometimes I don't get the stars system you guys use. What you've essentially said is that the only good thing about this place is ambience, while food and service is mediocre. Despite this you still rate this a 3 out of 5. Based on what you guys are saying I think a 2 may appear more appropriate. Merely my opinion, but I think the star system on a whole needs more consistency.\n                                            ", "\n\n                                    Agree - we're trying to make it consistent and stick to our own rating guidelines ", '  but sometimes we err on the side of kindness. Fixed now! And please keep giving us feedback. \n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Nice to know you guys listen to us.  Good luck with your future improvements. conquering sri lanka, w̶o̶r̶l̶d̶ ̶d̶o̶m̶i̶n̶a̶t̶i̶o̶n̶   etc!\n                                            ', "\n\n                                    c'mon YAMU!! not agaaaaaain!!! Get your farking rating right. With bland, slaty, lazily prepared food you give 3 stars? You put the ones that got 5 stars to shame. To waiters who make you move from place to place, takes your orders with a dustpan and charges you for service - they deserve no stars for service.\n                                            ", "\n\n                                    Hey Rezmata, our rating system actually means it's impossible to give 0 stars for either the overall or individual rating! However, we have updated it to 1 star (the lowest) for service now though, and 2 stars overall. Thanks for your feedback, and please continue to call us out on rating errors - we're actively trying to be more consistent on this!\n                                            "]
contact: Call 0778360033
address: Racecourse Complex, Philip Gunewardena Mawatha, Colombo 07 
directions: Take the stairs from where McDonald's is at.
