url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/big-mamas/review-90457
name: Big Mama's
excerpt: Big Mama's does Dutch food like lamprais, bolofiado, fougeti and olliebollen with a Sri Lankan twist.
yamu_review: ["Big Mama's is a home cook specializing in Dutch food, particularly lamprais. We're ", ", so we were very intrigued to see where Big Mama's offering would stand amongst the stalwarts of ", ' and the like. You can get either pick up or delivery, as long as you order at least a day in advance.', "They've also got Dutch sweets such as\xa0bolofiado -\xa0a layered pastry with fruit and nuts, fougeti -\xa0a pastry tube filled with pumpkin preserve and nuts, and olliebollen -\xa0a Dutch style donut with apple, cinnamon and raisins.", 'For this review, we stuck with the lamprais.', '\n', '\n', "One thing we have to say from the get-go is that the\xa0pricing and portions at Big Mama's are really good. You get a much, much larger portion than you would at\xa0say, DBU, and at a similar price. So at Rs 500, it's fairly priced.", "Now, let's get down to the elements.", 'First off, the rice. We found the rice to\xa0be too salty, although quite flavourful. This was disappointing,\xa0particularly when every other element involves a fair bit of salt, too.', "The mixed meat came with a lot of pork, and not just fatty bits, but actual meat. It's super flavourful.\xa0The belachan\xa0was the best executed element of the lot, not too spicy, with the texture of pol sambol but the flavour of shrimp.", "Big Mama's does promise a Sri Lankan styling of Dutch food, so the seeni sambol was justified.\xa0Then there was some brinjal and kehel muwa that was pretty good, too.\xa0The frikkadel was well done, with the mutton minced so fine it almost had the texture of fish, though the little bit of gristle confirmed that it was indeed meat.", "However, all in all, when it all came together, we found it too overpowering simply because there was too much salt going on.\xa0This can be easily remedied\xa0though, so\xa0maybe inform them about your palate's sensitivity and they can cater to it.", "If you don't eat pork, there's an\xa0option in which the mixed meat consists of beef, mutton and chicken. Aisha complained that she couldn't find any chicken. I can confirm that there was indeed chicken. The rice wasn't as salty on this one either.", "Overall, we liked this one much better than the other. It's a solid lamprais,\xa0but it could be balanced out better.", "The process of getting your lamprais is pretty simple and Big Mama herself is quite an endearing character over the phone. You can either arrange for pick-up from her home in Nawala, or you can arrange for delivery which they'll sort out via Hot Wheels. Keep in mind though that the delivery charge is Rs 300, so it makes more\xa0sense if you're buying quite a few parcels. It was said to arrive at 12 noon and arrived at 12.30, so that's not too bad.", "We're really happy to see another lamprais provider entering the game, and we're always happy to find new home cooks coming into the fray. We think the saltiness of the lamprais may have just been a one-off issue. Either way, we're sure they'll make it to your liking if you tell them.\xa0", '\xa0']
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    We ordered lampraise from this place, it was really horrible, the rice was hard and the mixed meat was spoilt. I will NEVER order from this place ever again. We had to go out and eat something else cause no one could finish it. They should spend more time cooking and ensuring the food is tasty as opposed to picking flowers to decorate the damn pack! \n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Hi Udeshika, sorry you had a bad experience. Will convey your comments and work on improving the lamprais. \n                                            ', "\n\n                                    we ordered from here today and it's the worst lamprai I have ever had … The rice was not cooked and  there  was a spoilt smell in the food the cutlets were also horrible … I don't think they delivered fresh lamprai it tasted and smelt like it was frozen and reheated. I wouldn't recommend them to anyone and we will never order from here again \n                                            ", '\n\n                                    I ordered a chicken lamprais from this place, the 12.30pm order came at 2pm. We were starving dead. The rice was frozen and not fresh no taste at all. Chicken was chopped and fried with some other ingredients to increase volume with less chicken. Nobody needs deco on their rice packet, ppl need to satisfy hunger and taste. Not worth for rs.475 I paid at all. Compared to fab and sensal lamprais this is expensive and not worth at all. I will never recommend this to anyone nor will I eat from here again.\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Firstly, get your facts right! Lamprais, fouguette and Bolo fiado are NOT Dutch ! Lamprais evolved over the centuries and is a Dutch Burgher delicacy, originating in Indonesia which was also colonized by the Dutch. Bolo fiado and Fougette are Portuguese. \n                                            ']
contact: Call 722 245 552
address: Off Chandra Wettasinghe Mawatha,
Koswatte Road, 
Nawala 
directions: From Nawala Road, turn onto Koswatte Road at Koswatte Junction, then keep on the lane until you see Chandra Wettasinghe Mawatha to your right. Call up their number for more directions.
