url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/bit-bake-bar-arugambay/review-110621
name: Bit Bake Bar (Arugam Bay)
excerpt: A seasonal little cafe in Pottuvil's popular strip. 
yamu_review: ["A'bay's got heaps of new places mushrooming over the summer season, and Bit Bake Bar is one of its gems. A simple concept, with clean design, the cafe (it's not actually a bar, sorry) serves up fresh, seasonal and homemade produce.", "This is possibly one of the best spots on the strip to get a healthy and light pre-yoga or post-surf breakfast. They serve up coffee, tea, cookies (a breakfast staple if you ask me), sourdough bread, cake, and a few\xa0changeable breakfast options. Everything's homemade or prepared fresh, so the menu is pretty limited to daily availability.", 'When we were there, they were offering avocado smash on Toasted Viennese, or Bagels with Homemade Peanut Butter, or Brioche Bun with Beef Fry and Sambol (all options at Rs. 450 a pop).\xa0', "We opted for the Avocado Smash, along with a Blueberry Bagel with fresh Strawberry Jam. I avoided the smash because I'm not a big avo fan (the myriad joys of guacamole are lost on me, sorry Taco Bell), but my friend enjoyed it. My bagel was chock full of blueberry and suspiciously healthy whole grain, and the gently sweetened strawberry jam brought out the flavour even more. It was a commendable light breakfast for both of us.\xa0", "\xa0We also opted for some gluten free chocolate cake, because we'd had a nibble from the tasting platter and loved it. It was gooey, subtly sweet delight. Probably our favourite thing on the menu. Check out a view on IG because we scarfed ours down before it could be photographed (sorry!)", "We also opted for a Macchiato and a Peach Ice Tea, both straightforward, frill-free, and great. Cucumber water's free and on tap, which is mad refreshing in the baking A'bay heat, especially\xa0with generous blobs of ice thrown in.", 'The artisanal\xa0ice cream and sorbet are sourced from ', ', and the ginger beer from ', ', two brands we at YAMU enjoy.\xa0', 'There are\xa0usually just two friendly ladies manning the counter, cleaning up, and serving, so things can understandably get a bit slow on a really busy weekday morning.', "Arugam Bay isn't really an experience to be rushed though, so it was easy enough to settle down on the laid-back al fresco seating (and cosy swinging woven seats), listen to some slick jams (everything from Chet Faker to R.Kelly), and sip on some ice tea while your order comes through.\xa0", "The ambience is definitely a key draw at the cafe, basically just an elevated deck that incorporates some leafy trees, plenty of open seating, and natural light. We do question what they'd do during a tropical thunderstorm though, as there's really nowhere to take shelter.", "A frill-free concept, a flexible menu, great food, and enthusiastic staff make Bit Bake Bar a superb A'bay breakout. We'd love to see some fresh juices and a larger menu feature in the near future, but loved our experience as it was.\xa0"]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ["\n\n                                    Watch out for the polenta, banana, chocolate cake thing too. I had to badger Silje to make it, but boy oh boy was it worth it. And in case you're wondering (probably not) that board the flyers are stuck to is a product we've developed at Colombo Design Studio (plug plug) and are now selling… you can use it to organise your shizzle. I've been field testing for the last three months. It works. Find out more at clovernise.com or drop us a mail, we'll sort you out.\n                                            "]
contact: Call 071 493 9438
address: Panama Road, Pottuvil, Arugam Bay 
directions: It's right next to Hideaway Villas.
