url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/calorie-counter-galle-fort/review-157418
name: Calorie Counter (Galle Fort)
excerpt: Sri Lanka's only health food chain now has a branch within the artsy Galle Fort.
yamu_review: ["Calorie Counter is one of our go-to spots for getting a healthy work lunch delivered in Colombo, so we were pleasantly surprised to find their snazzy new spot in the Galle Fort. It's healthy enough for you to feel good, but tasty enough for you to not curl up in a ball reconsidering your existence.\xa0", 'The menu is exactly the same as the Colombo branches, with a selection of breakfast meals, smoothies, and healthy lunch/dinner options like grills and salads etc. We got there at about 10:30 AM, so opted for a Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon on Toast (Rs. 950).', "The dish was perfectly executed, with lovely soft smoked salmon perched on local multigrain toasted bread. The eggs came perfectly poached, and topped with a low-fat hollandaise alternative (avocado!). Don't let the healthy tag fool you - it's a pretty hefty portion, more suited to brunch than breakfast.\xa0", "We also opted for a Blueberry Muffin Smoothie (Rs.600) as a treat. It's pricey, for sure, but it's also thick, rich and tasty. Imagine a molten blueberry muffin, and this is what you've got. They topped it with some lime peel zest, which was super aesthetically but kind of impractical and bitter in reality.", "This is probably the prettiest space CC operates, mostly due to the beautiful colonial building it's set in on the corner of Pedlars and Lighthouse Street.", "The interior features lots of natural light, some funky black and white decals, and some LOUD club music that you can ask them to turn down if you're hungover or just a cantankerous old bird like me.", "The prices, menu, execution, and service all appear to be on par with their Colombo branches. The ambience is better though. Overall,\xa0we'd definitely recommend Calorie Counter as the only spot to grab a healthy meal in the Fort area. Plus it's actually cheaper than your average overpriced Fort spot."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: []
contact: Call 091 2 242702
address: 56, Lighthouse Street, Galle Fort, Galle, Sri Lanka
 
directions: It's on the junction of Pedlar Street and Lighthouse Street
