url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/cherries/review-173077
name: Cherries
excerpt: A tiny, comfortable shop which serves waffles, ice-cream, and fruit juices.
yamu_review: ["Cherries is a \xa0small shop down Duplication Road that looks quite fun and appealing. It's got a large red signboard right outside and a glass exterior advertising waffles and free Wifi.", "Run by an incredibly friendly and helpful guy behind the counter, Cherries is a cosy, affordable, and\xa0well air-conditioned space that's a blessing in the middle of Duplication Road. There's a table, a couple of high stools and a small couch, magically fitting just right.", "Their menu is largely a ton of fresh juices, smoothies, ice-creams, and a couple of waffle options: strawberry and kiwi. I haven't really had kiwi waffles here, so asked for a portion of that. It's Rs. 400.", "I was quite surprised to see the effort that went into it and\xa0how it was a lot more than I expected: the waffle was coated with a smooth layer of whipped cream and plenty of sliced kiwi, drizzled with chocolate sauce topped off with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream. The waffle was piping hot and this contrasted nicely with the ice-cream. Its texture was a bit dense though, it wasn't light or fluffy at all.", "The Orange Juice (Rs. 290) was pretty great. Fresh, chilled, and in a tall glass, it had just the right amount of sweetness and wasn't watered down.\xa0", "I asked for an espresso, and even though the menu mentions it, (along with cappuccinos and a couple of other options)\xa0they haven't gotten the machines yet, so they've only got black coffee. It was Nescafe, so I passed.", "Located between the British Council and the Bambalapitiya Junction, this is a convenient spot to grab a quick drink and something to munch on. They haven't got much food-wise, but plan on introducing a couple of wraps over the next month."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: []
contact: Call 0776689891
address: 542 R.A de Mel Mawatha, Colombo 03 
directions: It's almost right opposite Colombo Courtyard.
