url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/dilmi-roti-shop-beach-corner/review-40220
name: Dilmi Roti Shop (Beach Corner) 
excerpt: Dilmi Roti Shop is one of the many roti shops in Mirissa. They serve chocolate rotis, pineapple rotis, cheese rotis and so on, and their milkshakes are awesome. 
yamu_review: ["Dilmi Roti Shop is one of the many little roti kades in Mirissa. It's also identifiable as 'Beach Corner', near the Udupila junction. If you're new to down-South roti shops (in which case, get out from under that rock), these places serve rotis filled with anything - not just ordinary savouries (egg, fish, chicken) but fun stuff like banana, avocado, pineapple, cheese and chocolate.\xa0", 'The rotis are usually for about Rs. 100 - 140, while egg and plain rotis are for about half that price. At Dilmi, we went for the classic ', "roti (coconut and honey), and it was pretty great, with a nice thick layer of pol. There's a guy who walks by and offers to pour kithul over your rotis (tip: pour kithul over everythang). The rotis itself were thin and soft and freshly made.\xa0", "A lot of kades make the mistake of making their drinks too watery - so we were impressed by how good our avocado milkshakes were. At Rs. 140 each, these weren't too thick but just the right amount of milky.\xa0", "We'd already visited Dewmini roti shop (which is supposed to be great for rotis), but they were closed because it was Independence Day, and ", "was all out of roti because it was the late afternoon - so we arrived at an empty looking Dilmi, exhausted and skeptical. But the roti-making guy at the counter smilingly told us he'd make us a fresh batch. You can watch him at his work station making the rotis and folding them into little roti-envelopes.\xa0", "This is basically a small, clean roadside kade, plastic chairs and all. They also do some typical Western dishes, and you'll mostly see foreigners from the nearby hotels frequenting the area. A skip across the road will you take you to the lovely Mirissa beach stretch. We were told the shop doesn't have a closing time - they close when there are no more customers.\xa0", "Dilmi Roti Shop is an easily accessible place to sample some simple down South sweet (and savoury) rotis. It's by no means the best place for rotis - the rotis here could use more stuffing - but it still works, if you're in the mood for a quick dessert or refreshing milkshake before heading to the beach.\xa0"]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: []
contact: Call 0713 071 282
address: Matara Road, Udupila, Mirissa 
directions: It's near the Udupila junction and the Ocean Moon guest house, next to a wall sprayed with blue graffiti. 
