url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/e-cafe-kollupitiya/review-215850
name: E-Cafe (Kollupitiya)
excerpt: A coffee shop down Galle Road which is only good for coffee.
yamu_review: ["E-Cafe's outlet in Kollupitiya is the polar opposite to the one on Colombo 5. We dropped in for an evening visit and did not leave the place at all satisfied.", 'They do not serve any of the main dishes, only coffee, cakes and a few unappealing sandwiches.\xa0', 'The Tiramisu Cake (Rs. 460) we tried was\xa0', 'a tiramisu cake. The mascarpone was melted to the point of breaking out and the chocolate cake had no essence of coffee at all. The chocolate cake itself was decent and that was the only thing going on for it.', "The Cheesecake (Rs. 460) was probably one of the worst I've had. The middle of the filling was literally icy cold as we dug into it. It was frozen enough that there\xa0were icicles mixed in with the filling. Wonderful! Needless to say, we didn't finish it.", 'Thankfully, their coffees are much better. The Hazelnut\xa0Americano (Rs. 530) was bitter and strong with a hazelnut flavor. It is a great cuppa to give you that extra mid-day boost to through the day.', "The Iced Cafe Mocha (Rs. 560) was\xa0a bit too sweet for my taste\xa0but it was still refreshing nonetheless. I would have preferred less ice because once those cubes are melted, you're just drinking chocolate water.", 'The staff was not the least bit interested in taking our order let alone flash a smile. It took them an unexcusably a long time to serve our food as they simply had to make the two drinks and take the two cakes out of the display. That should not take 20 minutes.', "The place is really small but that's not something that would bother me, however, the air conditioning was broken when we went. It was really stuffy, but they did fix it so kudos to that. It's pretty much the same as their outlet in Havelock in terms of decor and furniture. The chairs are very comfortable and ideal to spend hours doing\xa0work.\xa0", "The only good thing about this place is the coffee and even that is not worth the price. Our food experience was nothing short of terrible and the service was very poor. I would not recommend this place unless you're in dire need of coffee and have nowhere else to go."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    LOL that is not a tiramisu at all :-) Tiramisu is not made with a chocolate cake…and the mascarpone cream looks pretty liquid indeed…Do you know any place in Colombo that does real good Italian tiramisu? Thank you! Sab.\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    When was the last time you visited the Colombo 05 outlet? I was there a few weeks ago and my experience was not much different to what you have described here.\n                                            ']
contact: None
address: No 316, Galle Road, Colombo 3. 
directions: It's right next to Imperial College on Galle Road.
