url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/flavours/review-48299
name: Flavors (Galadari) 
excerpt: Flavors is Galadari Hotel's Indian restaurant. Their food is actually pretty decent, but the ambience, or rather the lack of it makes you want to wrap up your meal as fast as possible.
yamu_review: ["Flavors is Galadari Hotel's Indian restaurant. Their food is actually pretty decent, but the ambience, or rather the lack of it, makes you want to wrap up your meal as fast as possible.", 'Colombo has a ton of ', ", most of them with a respectable amount of clientele. Flavors is one of the less well known out of the bunch, but that's mostly due to its location. Their Indian fare is actually not too bad, but its location at the back of Galadari Hotel's lobby is pretty depressing and the restaurant itself isn't in the best shape either. Prices are on par with most higher end Indian restaurants, so expect to pay around Rs. 1500 per head. ", "They start you off with the usual complimentary papads along with the mint, mango and tomato chutneys. The papads were fine, but what we really liked here was the tomato and mango chutney. I'm generally not a huge fan of tomato purees and such but this chutney had good mix of tang, spice and sweetness.", "The butter naan and garlic naan (Rs. 250 each) was also on point in terms of texture and thickness. The garlic naan actually has quite a lot of garlic in it, which is something to keep in mind when ordering. We appreciate the fact that the butter naan wasn't bathed in butter also.", 'To go with the bread we ordered their mamsam munukai pulusu (Rs. 1050) which is roughly translates to a spiced lamb curry in a lightly milky gravy. The portion here was just enough for two and for the price we would have liked a bit more. ', "Flavourwise it had a good balance of seasoning and spices with a bit of heat from the green chillies coming through as well. The lamb was also cooked well, retaining a bit of it's tenderness and binding well to the thick gravy.", 'The murgh tikka (Rs. 800) on the other hand, was a disappointment. Firstly, the portion is quite small with only about five pieces of chicken, which would have been acceptable had it been really tasty. Unfortunately, the chicken was way overcooked to the point where the centre was white and chalky, which is a shame since the seasoning was fine and it looked quite appetizing.', "When it comes to restaurants, the quality of the food is the most important factor. However, when the ambience and service don't match up, the overall experience can be very poor, regardless of how good the food was. This was Flavors' biggest letdown for us. ", 'The Galadari lobby is pretty bad location to have a restaurant, with some poor lighting and people constantly walking about. The hotel is very much in need of a refurbishment with most of the furniture looking old and dusty. The interior of the restaurant itself leaves much to be desired with tacky black tablecloths and torn menus not helping either.', "The waiters who served us was a very nice guys- attentive and fast. That being said, they did mistake our order once which resulted in a delay and they lacked the level of professionalism you'd generally see at other hotels in Colombo. ", "Flavors actually does a pretty good take on North Indian cuisine. Unfortunately, Galadari Hotel's lobby makes for unpleasantly dodgy location which ultimately sullies the entire experience."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ["\n\n                                    Actually don't agree with this review at all. The ambiance i find is quite nice and the fact that they are chilled out enough to allow you in with shorts and slippers(which the reviewer missed) is great.  Food on the occasions I've been there was great and I happened to have had the murg tikka which i loved, agree on the portion size though. \n                                            ", "\n\n                                    Looks like yamu really doesn't like Galadari much, based on this review and the high tea. \n                                            ", "\n\n                                    I like the Galadari, however when I went last Monday for a business function, I parked my car in a spot close to the entrance. A man there helped me by giving directions. However when I got off and was heading toward the entrance, he asked me where I was going and I told him. He didn't say anything after that and I carried on to the entrance however, I found it odd that he should question me where I was going. This is a free country and if I wish to go to a hotel for a business meeting, I should be able to do so without being questioned about it. I do not look like a person who does drugs or is violent or anything like that, so it should be acceptable for me to enter without being questioned. \n                                            "]
contact: Call  011 2544544
address:  Hotel Galadari, 64 Lotus Road, Colombo 1 
directions: Flavors is located at the back of the main lobby area on the ground floor of Galadari Hotel.
