url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/golden-dragon/review-40200
name: Golden Dragon (Taj)
excerpt: Golden Dragon is the completely redone Taj take on Chinese cuisine. It has a stellar ambience and good food.
yamu_review: ["Golden Dragon is the Taj's completely redone Chinese restaurant. The ambience and decor is possibly the best in the city and the food is quite good. It makes for a great Chinese dining experience.", "\xa0and the way they eat is different. He actually called the chef out and spoke to him in Chinese to order, choosing belly pork (Rs. 860), and diced chicken (Rs. 760). I, being a Sri Lankan, couldn't fathom a meal without rice and we ordered a bean sprout fried rice (Rs. 760).", 'Ambience wise, this is the best Chinese restaurant in the city. Like ', ' (also in the Taj) what was once a depressing space has been completely redone. The first thing you notice are the extremely high ceilings and the generous tables.', 'There is a private room off to the side and four tables along the wall can be completely enclosed in curtains, making them private as well.', 'The main dining area is beautiful blues and golds and, with the high ceiling, the overall impression is quite impressive. Most Chinese restaurants are in repurposed houses, but this is a purpose-built dining space. In terms of ambience, the only competitor would be ', ", and that's not as roomy.", "For family or groups, this is a lovely place to dine. Note that the dress code is no shorts or slippers, but they're not pushy about it. My companion was wearing shorts and slippers and they just gave him a sarong when he sat down.", "The reboot was just a few weeks ago so when we went it wasn't busy at all. We always had competent attention from waiters and even ended up speaking with the chef and the Manager and the Food & Beverage Manager on our way out. The Chef seems to come out to personally talk to the Chinese speaking guests.\xa0", "At a place like this you can tell if the service is good if your green tea seems endless (i.e, they keep refilling it). We never had a dry cup. If you are eating Chinese or family style the whole serving you rice thing can feel unnecessary, but you can just tell them to stop. I personally don't mind, but our Chinese friend preferred to serve himself.", "Golden Dragon offers a great Chinese dining experience. We say experience because a lot of things come together here. The food is tasty, the ambience is the best in its category, and the staff is attentive. For Sri Lankans Chinese food is an experience, and at the high end we'd say Golden Dragon is one of the best."]
user_reviews: ["\n                                            Good, tasty food and great service. The prices are on the higher side but, like the review mentioned, you're getting a better overall dining experience for it. ", '\nActually, there are a lot of trendy new places that quote the same prices for an inferior experience, so would recommend Golden Dragon for better value.', "\n(My 4-star review reflects my general aversion to awarding 5 stars, unless something's exceptionally exceptional.) :)\n                                    ", '\n                                            The fist Chinese place I recommend to anyone I know, food gets better ever time, I have been here many times because the food is amazing for its price. And I’m very picky when it comes to food. Specially quality.  Hope I can meet the chef one day. \n                                    ']
user_comments: []
contact: Call 115446622
address: Taj Samudra, 25 Galle Face Center Rd, Colombo 3 
directions: The Taj is across from Galle Face Green. When you enter the Taj, turn left and go out the doors. It's right there, just to your left. 
