url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/infinity-cuisine/review-37367
name: Infinity Cuisine
excerpt: Affordable and pretty tasty office lunches, with free delivery. 
yamu_review: ["Infinity Cuisine delivers a tasty and affordable office lunch, Rs. 170 with free delivery. They have their own organic farm make for a pretty good bath packet. They're not re-inventing rice and curry here, but they are providing good value for money.", "We're happy that there are a lot of choices for office lunch delivery these days. ", ', ', ', etc.\xa0', "What makes Infinity Cuisine different is mainly the price. It's Rs. 170 with free delivery (they don't say, but we assume within Colombo and suburbs). This makes makes a big difference for office lunch, which is something you need to eat every day.", "We'd say that it's not as creative cooking as Achcharu Kade nor as healthy as Healthy Living, but at that price point it strikes a good balance. The cooking is basically classic Sri Lankan bath packet, but with obviously fresh ingredients and a good veg/meat to rice balance. ", 'In terms of taste, our meal was really spicy (which we like) and good. You could smell the fresh pineapple through the packaging, the chicken was cooked well and there was a generous amount of kankun, brinjal moju, purippu and tempered potatoes.', 'Infinity Cuisine does not seem to be significantly changing what a bath packet is, but they are moderninzing how you experience it.\xa0', "The way it works is pretty simple. You call and order, ideally in the morning. You choose chicken, fish or egg and it gets delivered around lunchtime, for Rs. 170. They have an active Facebook page, a good website and more often than not you're dealing with the owner on the phone. It's an efficient service.", "Infinity Cuisine offers a classic bath packet with modern delivery. We think it's pretty good value for money at Rs. 170 with free delivery."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    you guys seems to have tried their firday special menu, which is different from their usual menu… although their take on rice and curry is far better than most of buth packets on this price range, their cooking style is not the best one a traditional buth packet can have… just check buth packet delivered by Four Seasons… (unfortunately their delivery area is limited to Galle road) For Rs. 150 they seems to got the basics of  classical Sri Lankan rice and curry for more better; they know how to put "lunu ambul", in other words, how to balance saltiness and sourness. \n                                            ', '\n\n                                    They do not take orders for 1 lunch packet, even for colombo 3 area. Sad! \n                                            ', '\n\n                                    They dont deliver to small offices they said when i called . Minimum order should be 20 packs apparently.  ', '\nThey operate from ethulkotte and we wanted 3 packs to pagoda road which is really close by. Still denied. Would have been a continues order had they accepted. Please add the minimum order size to your article. If not its very misleading disappointing.\n                                            ']
contact: Call 77 88 08072
address: 536/15, Wijesinghe Gardens,  Kotte Road, Pita Kotte 
directions: It's delivery, so they come to you. 
