url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/kami-maki-delivery/review-45593
name: Kami Maki (Delivery)
excerpt: Kami Maki is one of two Japanese delivery spots in Colombo. The sushi may not be the best in town, but it’s not too bad and the delivery is fast and reliable.
yamu_review: [' is one of two Japanese delivery spots in Colombo. The sushi may not be the best in town, but it’s not too bad and the delivery is fast and reliable.', 'Colombo has roughly around ten dedicated Japanese restaurants, most of them coming up in the past five years. Unfortunately most of these places haven’t started delivery yet, that is, with the exception of Kami Maki and ', '. The latter has been our go to spot for Japanese delivery, although it can be frustratingly slow at times. So we decided to give Kami Maki a shot and all in all as far as delivery is concerned they made us quite happy.', 'You can get access to their entire menu through their Facebook page. It isn’t a very large menu but they do have some unique fusion items, and in our opinion that’s where Kami Maki excels. The phone operator had a good knowledge of the menu, and the our order was delivered in under an hour, all of it in one piece.', 'Like we said earlier, Kami Maki isn’t very popular for it’s traditional dishes, and if that’s what you prefer, we’d suggest you go with Naniyori. If you’re want to try something a bit different, Kami Maki does pretty well. Prices are somewhere in the lower mid range with sushi dishes starting at Rs. 590 for 6.', 'Their Teriyaki Chicken (Rs. 590) was quite tasty. We’d say this was a bit better than Naniyori’s but falls short when compared to the liked of ', '. The teriyaki sauce was on the sweeter side but I didm’t mind that much and the chicken itself was cooked well, perhaps just slightly overdone.', 'The salmon maki (Rs. 590) was okay, but the rice had very little flavour of rice wine vinegar coming through. The positive though was that the salmon was fresh.', 'The best of the bunch was the tenkasu crab with wasabi mayo (Rs. 690). We’ve had this before at their restaurant, so we’re happy to see that it’s consistent even with their delivery. We’d say this is one of their signature fusion dishes with the addition of the sichimi, crunch of the sesame seeds and a nice balanced flavour from the wasabi mayo.', 'The crunchy salmon sushi with chilli mayo (Rs. 690) was also quite good and will likely please most local palates. Combine that with the fresh salmon and added crunch and you have a pretty tasty sushi.', 'Kami Maki does a pretty good take on some adventurous fusion sushi, with fast and reliable delivery to boot.']
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    Had an average experience. Food was okay. Ambiance could have been better. Other places have better value for money. \n                                            ']
contact: Call 0112590626
address: Delivery 
directions: 
                                    
