url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/krishna/review-38559
name: Krishna (Arcade Independence Square)
excerpt: Krishna is a good vegetarian spot for rice and curry and the likes at the Arcade. They're run by the same guys who run Mathura. 
yamu_review: ["Colombo isn't incredibly vegetarian friendly so we're always glad to find a place that does good veg dishes - Krishna seems to be one of them. They're run by the guys who brought us ", ', and have a little stall at ', '\xa0alongside Paan Paan and Lemongrass.', 'This is at ', " so if you go during good weather, the outside area is actually pretty nice with its clean white cane furniture. It's not fun when it's sunny though. The interior of the food court has wooden benches to sit on if you're getting an ice cream cone but it doesn't work for rice and curry. So if it's not a cool evening, you're better off doing take-away.", 'The menu includes a variety of Indian dishes from masala to vada and paratha, and some combo deals. Everything nicely falls in the Rs. 200 range. We just tried their biriyani combo, which includes rasam, chutney, onions, and a square of Indian sweet, for Rs. 230.', "I'm usually a big fan of chicken so I had my doubts about this packet - but it was actually very good, with plenty of veggie chunks, a very spicy chutney, and strong hints of thick masala in the rice. The portion wasn't the overflowing type of typical buth packets but just enough for one.", "Krishna is a decent choice if you're at ", " and you're craving vegetarian. It's affordable too. For other veg options in Colombo check out ", '.']
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    No longer available at the independence arcade. \n                                            ']
contact: Call 011 2 679 191
address: 30, Bauddhaloka Mawatha, Colombo 07 
directions: The Arcade is before you get to BMICH, after the SLBC building, on your left. The entrance fountains opposite the post office are hard to miss. Inside, the food court is near where the fish tank floor is. 
