url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/mackys-restaurant/review-49614
name: Macky's Restaurant
excerpt: Macky's is a decent choice for big portions and sloppy, spicy Sri Lankan Chinese, pastas and meats. 
yamu_review: ["Macky's is a popular spot in Kirulapone for gorging on typically large portions of Sri Lankan Chinese food, and other sloppy spicy dishes. If you're looking for big affordable plates of the stuff, especially the seafood, they do a decent job.", "Macky's is one of those places with a wide range - rices, pastas, sandwiches, the lot - but all of it is prepared in that familiar spicy, full-of-flavour way that Lankan Chinese food is known for. You'll spend about Rs. 1000 a head for a proper pigging-out. Our fusili pasta came in a very flavoursome, thick, gooey mix of cheese, veggies, chicken bacon and other stuff - it's a spicy, sloppy Eastern take on this Italian favourite, and it works for the Lankan palate. It cost Rs. 1100 though, which is a lot.\xa0", "The peppered mutton that came recommended was underwhelming - it's a generous bowl of the stuff, basically chunks of soft mutton greased up in a sweet chillied capsicum and mushroom achcharu. It tasted okay, unsurprisingly very spicy, but the flavour was a little off point, more memorable for being a side of chilli than a meat dish.\xa0", "The hot butter cuttlefish here is good for what it is. For Rs. 750, you get a good portion of it, about 10 pieces perhaps - crunchy, starchy, and sweet. By no means the best HBC, but if like me you enjoy ordering this pseudo Chinese favourite wherever you go, it's not bad at all. Our special fried rice was a huge portion for about Rs. 500, nothing phenomenal on its own, but it worked with the chilli paste and our sides.\xa0", 'These guys were surprisingly great with fruit juices. For about Rs. 200 we got avocado and watermelon and they came in huge milkshake mugs, thick and bursting with flavour.\xa0', "Macky's is a small, clean restaurant that we'd think is popular among families looking for minimal damage to the wallet, and spicy large selections for hungry stomachs that aren't too fussy. The seating feels formal, and there's an upstairs space too for relative privacy.", "For decor they've got a random aquarium out back and also a TV set that on our visit featured Vijayakanth going dishum-dishum in a Tamil movie. Good times.", "Macky's is good for what it is - affordable, big slices of Asian favourites. The food is tasty if you're there with a crowd and not asking for too much than a chance to gorge.\xa0"]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: []
contact: Call 011 576 4764
address: 253, High Level Road, Colombo 5 
directions: It's past the Kirulapone market, opposite the Jumma Mosque.
