url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/malay-street-buth-kade/review-44059
name: Malay Street Buth Kade
excerpt: This basic buth kade serves a good rice and curry and sorta specializes in baabath (tripe - ie cow stomach).
yamu_review: ['This place has no sign and, as far as we know, no name but it serves a pretty tasty rice and curry in Slave Island. Their speciality is baabath (cow or goat stomach) which is, well, a bit of a specialized taste.', "You have probably gone past it a lot without noticing. It's the yellow building on the corner there, just before Mews Street, on Malay Street itself.", "Now the food. A basic rice and curry is Rs. 130. If you want with chicken/cuttlefish/baabath/prawn/crab it goes up to about Rs. 220. Note that the availability of stuff changes. On the day we went they had only chicken, cuttlefish and baabath. We had both chicken and baabath, plus dried fish and a Pepsi and ended up paying Rs. 340. These prices actually aren't cheap by buth kade standards, but they're certainly not expensive.", "That's the baabath on your right. To be honest, I've tried this sort of offal multiple times and I just don't like it. I find it chewy and the texture just puts me off. Some people just like it (like some people just like durian) so chalk that up to personal preference. In terms of preparation, I can say that the curry it came in was savory and nice.", "I got the chicken curry to hedge my bets, but that was honestly all bone. Nice gravy, yes, but very little meat. I've had a goat curry here which I really liked but that wasn't available today.", 'The vegetable curries on the other hand I loved. Nice dhal, wamabatu and a bit of fresh onion. This place has a quite flavorful base and you could be happy with just that.', 'As for sides you also get papadum and a very salty dried fish if you want.', "This is a very authentic if specialized meal and we recommend it if you like this sort of thing. This is a classic rice and curry and one done in a style that's actually fading out.", 'The service and this sort of place is usually great, and it was. Just some dudes in rolled up sarongs giving you whatever you want. I actually went there and forgot that I had no cash. They let me go to the bank and come back to pay them.']
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ["\n\n                                    It's called Yapane Kade. I've been going there with my crew since I was 15 on the way to the Rowing Club and I still go there (I'm 30 now). You've eaten all the wrong food. You have to choose the white rice with cattle fish or crab. Don't eat the chicken or Baabath. The fried fish and omelette is also quite nice. Don't forget to ask for a lot of Papadam and MAKE SURE you ask for the 'elawalu hoddha'. You can eat only rice if you have the elawalu hoddha, it's that tasty.  \n                                            ", '\n\n                                    True that Veron \n                                            ', '\n\n                                     cattle fish - What this?????', '\r\n\n                                            ']
contact: None
address: 49 Malay Street, Colombo 2 
directions: From the Slave Island junction (where Burgers King is) head down Malay Street towards Fort. This place has no sign or name. It's on your right, at corner of Mews Street (the third road). You can sometimes park down Mews.
