url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/mr-biryani-hulftsdorp/review-82591
name: Mr. Biriyani (Hulftsdorp)
excerpt: Biriyani, fried chicken, and burgers.
yamu_review: [" wielded some pleasant gastronomic experiences the last time we dropped by. Given that we weren't able to sample everything down the street,\xa0we decided to give it another go and check out what the comments in our last\xa0", '\xa0article recommended. This time around, we visited Mr. Biriyani, which is\xa0apparently popular around the hood.', "The main items on the menu were biriyani, and also a couple of burgers, fried chicken, and hotdogs. Prices are super reasonable, with nearly everything\xa0in the range of Rs. 300, including KFC-styled chicken. In addition to our biriyani, we tried getting a plate of that\xa0as well, but were repeatedly told that it'd take a lot of time because the kitchen was busy getting a large order together. However, they said the quicker dishes (ie, biriyani) could be had.", "Our chicken biriyani (Rs. 320) came with all the usual add-ons which are wont to accompany the dish — a raita, some spicy, well flavoured chilli\xa0paste, and fragrant rice.\xa0In addition to all this, we got some chicken and an egg as well. Needless to say, it was an absolute steal for the price. I loved that they actually used basmati, and that the spices were\xa0incorporated so well into it, giving it an authentic North-Indian touch. The chicken wasn't outstanding, being regular fried chicken. The dish came piping hot though, and the meal in itself was very pleasant.", "Belting out biriyanis within ten or fifteen minutes, the service is fast and the staff behind the counter polite and capable, despite being slightly surprised at seeing a couple of girls walk in alone at night. He told us that though they had the stuff we wanted, it'd take way longer than usual because the kitchen staff were busy with other, more larger orders. I'm assuming this doesn't happen all the time, and that they'll be happy to go make you some chicken at any other time.\xa0", "There are two or three tables inside the tiny space, and though it looks rather run down, it wasn't unclean or gross. Meaning that we could basically eat in there without worrying too much about hygiene. There aren't any sinks or washrooms, so you get a large jug of water and an empty bowl to wash into instead.", "Good biriyani for great prices. It's nice eaten hot-hot, but if you want\xa0nicer environs, you could get take out. Parking could be difficult because\xa0that road's jam-packed with tuktuks and motorcycles. Also, they only have aerated drinks (coke, sprite etc) for thirst, and table water. We'd recommend giving it a try!"]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    You should try their nasigoreng', '\nOne of the best\n                                            ']
contact: None
address: 82A, Abdul Hameed Street, Colombo 12
 
directions: Drive down Armour Street and turn into Srimath Bandaranayake Mw, then turn left into Abdul Hameed Street. It's almost directly opposite the mosque.
