url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/no1-dewmini-roti-shop/review-56602
name: No.1 Dewmini Roti Shop (Mirissa)
excerpt: Mirissa seems to love its roti, and no one does it better than No.1 Dewmini Roti Shop. It's a small, family-run restaurant that offers an impressive variety of dishes, along with some of the best savoury and sweet rotis we've had.
yamu_review: ["Mirissa seems to love its\xa0roti, and no one\xa0does it better than No.1 Dewmini Roti Shop. It's a small, family-run restaurant that offers an impressive variety of dishes, along with some of the best savoury and sweet rotis we've had.", 'Before we set out to ', ', we decided to check out what was popular on Tripadvisor (which is ill-advised in general, but what to do), and Dewmini Roti Shop was rated No.1 (hence the name), with some rave reviews. This place is the definition of a family-run restaurant, with pretty much every member involved in some capacity. Their menu actually includes rice dishes as well, but everyone comes here for their roti. Both their sweet and savoury rotis are priced between Rs. 200-400 and make for a substantial meal.', 'From their daily specials, we got the cheese, chicken and prawn roti (Rs. 320). This roti may look\xa0simple and relatively unimpressive, until you cut into it and see the amount of filling they put in.', "This was just a joy to eat and we found ourself cleaning the plate out. The chicken was succulent and lightly peppery, while the pan-fried prawns tasted fresh and slightly crunchy. The melted cheese completed the dish by adding a creamy and salty touch, binding together\xa0the flavour of the chicken and the prawns. This is easily one of the best savoury roti variations I've had in Sri Lanka.", 'Their dessert rotis were just as impressive, if not more. We tried the banoffee (Rs. 270) as well as\xa0the chocolate peanut butter (Rs. 270) and they were so decadent that just thinking about it is makes me want to hop on a bus back to Mirissa.', "Dewmini's Banoffee roti is only loosely based on its namesake. It comes with a filling of chopped bananas, chocolate and crushed cookies, topped off with a dollop of vanilla ice cream. It presented the perfect mix of textures—smooth chocolate, crunch from\xa0the crushed cookies and soft bananas—and a beautiful contrast between the warm roti and cold ice cream.\xa0Flavourwise, the three components in the filling worked well together.\xa0", "The PB & chocolate roti was on par with the banoffee, which is to say that it was happiness-inducing as well. I'm a huge fan of peanut butter, so I simply had to try this one.\xa0While it doesn't have as many textures going on as the banoffee, the smoothness of both the chocolate and the peanut butter work brilliantly against the crispness of the roti.\xa0We also loved the fact that they didn't skimp on the filling, which is quite common with expensive ingredients like\xa0peanut butter. The real draw here is the savoury-sweetness from the peanut butter and chocolate, which leaves the best kind of aftertaste.\xa0", "The best way to describe Dewmini Roti Shop is as a simple garden restaurant. They've got some plastic tables and chairs with seating for roughly\xa020. There's plenty of natural shade from the surrounding trees and greenery, and you may even see the occassional peacock go by. It's basically right outside the family's house, so the eatery has an oddly comforting feel to it.\xa0", "Service is fast and friendly, with the entire family of six helping out with the cooking, cleaning and serving. They also conduct cooking classes, where over a course of four hours, they teach you how to cook a variety of curries, hoppers and other Sri Lankan staples. At\xa0Rs. 2,500 per head, it's definitely not cheap, but it seems more targeted towards tourists.\xa0From what we can tell, the classes are quite popular.", "Regardless of whether you're a tourist or local, Dewmini Roti Shop is a must-visit if you're in Mirissa. As far as roti goes, this family is truly deserving of that 'No.1'\xa0tag."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    Why the hate for TA! U make a fool of yourself running down TA which is based on true customer reviews and rating. Besides u have given a rave review for this place which is ranked no.1.\n                                            ', "\n\n                                    A well known issue with TA is fake accounts and reviews. Often restaurants will get their employees to write fake positive reviews. It's more reliable when it comes to smaller places but in a general sense, it happens way too often to not be common knowledge by now. We've seen that with a bunch local places as well.\n                                            ", "\n\n                                    You have the cost confused! Just went there and it's not pricey at all. Very reasonable. Almost didn't go as your pricing scared us off. But it was incorrect! So glad we did go, it's excellent!\n                                            ", '\n\n                                    This is a basic tucked away budget backpacker meal haven. There is nothing more to say about this food outlet other than its a very successful marketing exercise (calling itself No.1 for instance). Again this is just a bit more glorified (inner) roadside joint. ', '\n', '\nThe food is very very basic and not reflective of any SL cuisine just something thats very quick to make and serve that you can charge an above average (compared to saivar) price for tourists and locals from colombo. This establishment capitalizes on a growing trend of Colombards following in the footsteps of backpackers to find more authentic experiences out of Colombo (Ella meets pilawoos).  ', '\n', "\nThink badly made (burnt) crepes and you get the idea of what is served here - it is however served with a lot of care, love and cleanly that you have to rate it highly given the effort this small family makes to make a very good living no doubt.  These care elements are very valuable to backpackers who want cheap clean food for their tight budgets and don't want to chance another saivar cleansing.", '\n', "\nThis roti shop is not worth going 'out' of your way for so if your very posh best friend says its a must do in Mirissa so they can slum it along with some backpackers give em a knock on the head. If you are struggling to find food in the area then this is No 1! They do have their target market sorted.", '\n', '\n\n                                            ']
contact: Call 071 516 2604
address: Udupila Road, Mirissa 
directions: Turn into Udupila Rd from Matara Rd. Travel in about 200m and take the first lane to your right (you'll see a small sign there). Take the second right on that lane and you'll find the roti shop.
