url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/the-fishery-pegasus-reef-hotel/review-106138
name: Pegasus Reef (Restaurant)
excerpt: A city hotel in the depths of Wattala. Rather nice place, but mediocre food and service.
yamu_review: ['\xa0', "We've had Pegasus on our to-review list for quite a while now. Given that it's in the depths of Wattala, we haven't actually been able to drop in until recently, when a friend and I went by for dinner and were awed at how nice the place looked at night. Large, spacious lobbies, warm yellow light — more of a quiet luxury hotel than a busy city hotel.", 'We asked where the restaurant was and the guy at the lobby directed us downstairs —\xa0So we made our way to it.', "After being seated for about fifteen minutes and making small talk, we finally resorted to flailing our hands about in an attempt to get the attention of the waitstaff. One eventually walked over and handed us a drinks and food menu, of which I picked a fresh orange juice (which was rather exorbitantly priced at Rs 500\xa0a glass) and my\xa0friend opted for a mocktail concocted of ginger, soda, and orange (christened 'Sweet Dream', and priced at Rs 400).", "The juice was good, nothing remarkable. It was a well-made orange juice but most definitely not something worth Rs 500. The mocktail wasn't balanced well enough though, and was really strong (in a not-nice way). We couldn't finish it.", "A (not so) short delay later, our soup arrived. 'Fresh Tomato Cappuccino', it didn't come with the toasted and sliced ciabatta, nor did I get any hint of olive oil — but it was good as far as a tomato soup goes.", 'Creamy, warm and flavoursome, we liked this.', 'After waiting a while longer, the food finally arrived. My Fish N Chips (Rs. 900) was a very large and generous portion.', "Not your traditional batter-fried fish and chips, this was two huge slices of succulent fish rolled and fried in breadcrumbs and accompanied by a side of average fries. The tartar sauce was legit, and while the fish was good it's not exactly what you expect when you order fish and chips.", "My friend ordered a Seared Hawaiian Pork Chop (Rs. 925) and he liked the BBQ sauce. There was a bit of pineapple going on in keeping up with the 'Hawaiian', but the pork was a tad rubbery and required some effort to cut through.", 'We also liked the vegetables, as soggy as they were.', "A spacious outdoor seating area with very dim lighting, it's cozy and you get a really nice breeze from the beach which is somewhere nearby.\xa0", 'They had a Calypso band\xa0as well, so you have\xa0live music and singing happening as three people stand\xa0right over your table as you eat.', "Pegasus seems to be a nice place with friendly people, but the service (while admittedly friendly) is terribly slow and the food is not worth going back for. We wouldn't really\xa0recommend it, unless you happen to be staying there and need to eat because there doesn't seem to be anything else in the neighbourhood given how removed it is from stores and kadeys."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    This Hotel used to be wonderfull, great location, great staff and good food. Overall well maintained. But as Carsons Cumberbatch acquired it its standards has gone down drastically. Its all poorly managed, hence less attractive to the public eye. Sincerely hope they up the standards, as it was a wonderfully nice hotel in a great convenient location. \n                                            ', "\n\n                                    The Pegasus now has 2 restaurants, the newest one being the Fishery which is not the one that was reviewed. The fishery is nearer the beach past the swimming pool.  I have always found the service sloe and food mediocre at the main restaurant - reviews here but named incorrectly.  However, we tried the Fishery recently and we thought it was really good! Excellent service and you can choose you own fish/seafood from the display and have it cooked according to your taste. Worth another review when you're next in the area!\n                                            ", "\n\n                                    Hey Kat, yes, that was a mistake on my part — this was the main resto, not The Fishery.  I was under the impression that it was the latter because of the signboards in the corridor leading to it, my bad! We've fixed it now, and will hopefully visit TF for its own review when we can. ", '\r\nThank you for the clarification :)\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    I think before you writting or talking or anything which express your idea you have to be very very responsible specially when you are criticizing. Pegasus reef hotel consist with two restaurants :main restaurant and The fishery restaurant. Here you arecriticizing about fishery restaurant and upload pictures of main restaurant which shows that you guys absolutely misguided your followers. I have several beautiful yummy food experiences with Pegasus reef specially with fishery restaurant,they were amazing and each and every time they did their best more than what we expect. .so YAMU guys we are really upset about your unreliable views and you should be conscious about what you are talking and what you are uploading. Do not misguide your followers . \n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Apologies, Sachini, that was a mistake on my part. We corrected it in the review, and will triple check next time.\n                                            ', "\n\n                                    Aisha don't say lay Pegasus is very nice  wonderful hotel staff was very good very frendly  (I am work at Pegasus reef main restaurant )\n                                            "]
contact: Call 011 2 930205
address: Palliyawatta, Wattala 
directions: Turn into the Kerawalapitiya Road from Hendala and follow the Pegasus signboards to Prithipura Road. Go almost all the way down until you reach the hotel.
