url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/podi-the-fusion-bistro/review-95429
name: PODI the Fusion Bistro
excerpt: Buth kade with a twist.
yamu_review: ['Looking about for a place to grab lunch, Bhagya suggested PODI. Getting all excited after seeing their FB page and spotting a bacon wrap, we set off with rumbly stomachs and a request to bring some chocolatey desserts back to office. We expected a bistro, but discovered a bustling buth kadey instead.', "We entered a narrow, well lit building packed with people and a queue stretching partway across reaching towards the counter. The walls were newsprint, with one being a blackboard with the menu scribbled on it. Pretty cool so far. There's also an upstairs, but they've blocked off natural light, and haven't lit it well, so it's a cheerless, stuffy place (the AC didn't cool it).\xa0", "Major revelation when we noticed that half of the crowd seemed to have stepped out of office for lunchbreak and were carrying out packets of rice and curry. Realization struck a moment later when we noticed the buth-kadey styled rice and curry display — white rice, biryani, fried fish, and your regular selection of veggies and alternate curries. Nearly everything's pre-prepared, with the staff quickly dispensing food onto plates/ packets and handing it out to the customers.", "We decided to try the chicken biryani (Rs. 350) and seafood nasi goreng (Rs. 410), picking the latter because it's one of the few items they make afresh. The wait was about 20 minutes, which seemed a long time, but then again they had a really full house.", 'The nasi goreng was good. Quite a generous portion with a couple of pineapple pieces and the customary egg on top, this was fresh off the stove, fragrant, and delivered in terms of flavour. There were chunks of prawn in there, and the spice was spot on — enough heat to be felt, but not enough to burn your tastebuds off.', "We were disappointed with the biryani though, because it was mostly coloured rice and no flavour. Also, being cold didn't do it any favours because it was just... glutinous. The rice\xa0wasn't fragrant long rice either, and was more of a ", " samba variation (I'm not too familiar with rice varieties). We left it since the nasi goreng was good, and dug into that instead.", 'Their mango juice (Rs. 200) was nice,\xa0pulpy without being difficult to drink, authentic, and with minimal sugar. It was chilled properly as well, great for our hot days.', "We got a Chocolate Cheese cup (Rs. 180), Chocolate Biscuit Pudding (Rs. 210), and Chocolate Mousse (Rs. 240) for takeaway. The mousse looked super, with whipped cream and shavings of chocolate on top, but Imaad noticed a bit of green mould on the side after getting back to work, so that really put us off. We didn't try it, tbh. \u200b\u200b", 'The biscuit pudding was overly soggy, with the biscuits having morphed into mush.', "The Chocolate Cheese Cup was nice. Catered for those with a sweet tooth, it's a tart-shaped thing, a cross between a thick chocolate cake and a denser cheesecake.", "The staff — or at least the ones who seemed to be behind the venture, were friendly and nice. Service was a tad slow, and tables weren't really cleaned properly once customers left, but that's probably due to being shortstaffed. We saw just one person running around and clearing plates up. The owner noticed us taking pics, and, when we were paying up, waived a the mango juice and a dessert off our bill. We insisted on paying, but he said it was complementary.", "They get around 170ish people for lunch, so they're obviously super popular as the local lunch spot. We were happy with our nasi goreng, and will check out the rice and curry next time. Not a huge fan of the desserts, so maybe stick with the juice if you want any. Good for take-away if you're in the area and need to pick some food up super quick."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    I have tried their rice and curry - looks healthy but the curries were quite bland. Their breakfast choices are much better, I have had the kiribath and the roti , they were good. You have to be careful though, the portion sizes change depending on who serves you :-)\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Hi Apaara, ', "\nThanks for the comments  and appreciated.  Will look in to your complaint and rectify same. If you don't mind would you mind identifying  your self to me next time you come in , my name is Ajith . As we would like to discuss your complaint about the lunch to try and rectify that too. \n                                            ", '\n\n                                    I was a really impressed with their opening with delicious desserts. But gradually their quality went down. As Yamu team says the Samba rice they use is something that many people find hard to eat.', '\nHope this review will change them for good.', '\n', '\nAnd I suggest you to try food @ Cafe Royal just few blocks away (next to Millennium)\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Do you all deliver?\n                                            ']
contact: Call 0722318318
address: 289, Vauxhall Street, Colombo 02. 
directions: Almost just opposite the McLaren's building on Vauxhall St.
