url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/rasa-bojun/review-56684
name: Rasa Bojun
excerpt: This is a new buth kade off Havelock Road, near Thumulla. It's basically average. 
yamu_review: ['Rasa Bojun is a new ', ' in a familiar place, the little lane off Havelock Road where ', ' used to be. They serve up an average rice-and- curry in a place where you can dine in some comfort.', 'Why do you go to a ', '? For the rice and curry. Rasa Bojun has the usual spread served from metal trays. You can choose from chicken', '\n(Rs. 200), fish (Rs. 200), vegetable (Rs. 160) or specialities like yellow rice and\xa0fried rice (Rs. 300). They have traditional desserts like chocolate biscuit pudding (Rs. 120), wattalappan (Rs. 100), etc.', 'I went for the classic combo of chicken, ', ', ', ' and pappadum,\xa0with the addition of a potato curry and green beans. I am fiercely loyal to my usual ', ' (', "), but I tried to give this a shot. I'd say the rice and curry here is basically average. It's a satisfying and relatively healthy lunch, but they're not pushing the envelope with different proteins (such as seafood, pork or\xa0beef) or with the sides. However, I assume the sides keep changing, so maybe you do get some bitter gourd and / or\xa0", 'in\xa0there sometimes.\xa0', "It's strange, but the more upscale ", ' tend to actually have less selection. There were maybe nine or ten curries on offer here, whereas a streetside joint can sometimes have over 15.', 'What I had was good, if not great.', "Rasa Bojun is down a nice little lane near Thumulla. There are\xa0actually a few spots of parking here (sometimes, not always) and there's a nice outdoor area to wash your hands. What sets Rasa Bojun apart is not their rice and curry per se, but the fact that you can eat at a proper table and drink filtered water in general comfort. At a streetside joint, eating is treated as a purely functional\xa0thing. Here, the experience is closer to a restaurant.", "Another thing that sets a place like Rasa Bojun apart is the professional service. It's a simple thing, but one person takes your order and the other person serves it. At other spots, one person does both, and you have huge lines as a result. This place is more efficient, plus they have printed menus and a chalkboard and everything. Fancy.", "That said, it's still not very busy at all. Perhaps because no one quite knows about it yet. I should also note that they do free delivery for orders of ten or more, provided you call before 11 AM. They also undertake an active catering business for private functions.\xa0", 'Rasa Bojun is a slightly upscale ', ' in a central location near Thumulla. The rice and curry is average, but you get to sit at a nice table\xa0and drink filtered water, which is a bonus.']
user_reviews: []
user_comments: []
contact: None
address: 62, Havelock Road, Colombo 5 
directions: From Thumulla Junction, head down Havelock Road. It's the second lane on your right, you can park there usually.
