url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/red-snapper/review-51246
name: Red Snapper
excerpt: Red Snapper is a seafood restaurant at the Dutch Hospital that does a range of crab and lobster preparations. It's a formal dining place that plays a lot of '90s saxophone music and serves OK food.  
yamu_review: ["Red Snapper is a seafood restaurant that's taken up the space formerly occupied by the short-lived Mexican restaurant ", ". The food didn't impress us a whole lot, but it opened just about a month ago along with the Irish bar Shamrock next door, so we're going to hope they prove us wrong once the soft opening phase is over.\xa0", "Red Snapper is as formal as it gets, with chandeliers, giant wine glasses, dark wood floors and saxophone music from the '90s. It doesn't feel like the type of place you'd casually drop by with a bunch of friends if you're young, but more suited maybe for office outings, an anniversary dinner if you were born in the '50s, and slightly awkward meetups with your parents. The place was comfy enough but one little criticism would be the chilled air conditioning and how it immediately affects the hot dishes brought to the table.\xa0", "An inner door at Red Snapper will take you to the Shamrock bar, which is a totally different vibe - relaxed lighting, comfy sofas and contemporary music. We'll need to drop a review on it soon but it looked like a fun place to be.\xa0", "Like we said it's sort of a soft opening time for Red Snapper so the full menu isn't ready yet. There's a small range of seafood mains and some pastas available now, in the Rs. 1000 range.\xa0", "I saw 'Jaffna crab curry' and jumped for it. After having some of this magic at ", ', ', ' and most memorably at ', "in Pasikuda, I've decided to just try it now whenever I see it on a menu. For Rs. 980 here though, it was a little underwhelming: it was a small crab in three pieces, enough for just one in terms of the meat, and that thick, spicy punch that makes Jaffna crab curry a dream to eat with kade paan, was sadly missing. The recipe was actually rather mild, with a thin ordinary gravy that lacked the spices, and an indistinct toss of onions and veggies, served at least with plenty of kade paan and well cooked rice.\xa0", "The cajun seafood jambalaya was recommended to us and sounded exciting: a platter of chicken sausages, crab meat, cuttlefish, prawns and lightly cooked fish over a bed of rice and tomato puree. This was an assortment of random average flavours, none of the meats really stood out, there was only one rubbery cuttlefish, some barely seasoned fish, Keells style sausages and the crab meat balls weren't worth the recollection. The prawns at least were jumbo sized, juicy and spicy, and the rice tasted good with the tomato paste mixed in it. Was the jumble worth Rs. 1250 though? Not so much. \xa0", "We weren't offended by any of the dishes so far - they weren't bad, they tasted okay. But the lobster ravioli, for Rs. 880, made us sad. Firstly, lobster ravioli sounds amazing, because ravioli on its own is a delectable Italian preparation worth drooling over, and then you add lobster meat to the deal - what's not to like? The first sin was that for Rs. 880, this included just two pieces of ravioli, sunken in a soupy concoction. The meat was barely distinguishable, and the piece was most parts thick, pasty dough, not cooked fine and clean for cutting as it should have been.\xa0", "Service basically seemed to be run by one man, and he was very friendly and helpful and made sure we were comfortable throughout our visit. So it's pretty unfortunate that the quality of the food didn't level up with the good intentions of the place.\xa0", "We do hope Red Snapper maybe improves once their menu grows out, but for now the food is not worth dialing up for a reservation, considering you're spending about Rs. 1500 per head. We suppose if you're around the neighborhood with an office crowd and you're looking for seafood and you're not too fussy, it'll do, and perhaps you can drop in for a drink and chill at Shamrock next door.\xa0"]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    Stale meat, old not-so-onion bread, and entertainingly bad service', '\n', '\nSo today my cousin and I had this awesome idea about trying out the new joint called Red Snapper as it’s closer to our office. When we walked in, the restaurant was deserted and we had to wait for 5 minutes until the personnel emerged from the kitchen. My cousin wanted to leave, but I – the always want to try new places me – egged him to be patient, and this is how our lunch turned out to be.', '\n', '\nWe got starters; crab cakes and prawns which were edible, and went on to order the mains and that’s when it got entertaining! My cousin, who’s a fellow food lover, ordered a fajita and I, being a lover of northern cuisine, ordered a Jaffna crab curry with rice and onion bread. The crab and the rice arrived, and I had to ask for the ‘onion bread’, which turned out to be an old roast bread (our famous ‘roast paan’! I love roast paan, but this was old) heated in an oven and cut into slices (by the way, when did we start calling our old-school roast paan “onion bread”??)! ', '\n', '\nAs I was dressed in office attire, I asked for a napkin, which I was refused! A restaurant in the heart of Colombo rudely refuses to give napkins out to customers; especially when they’re eating crab (newfound respect for the ‘Ministry of Crab’ for giving out those neat little bibs without a fuss!). When I asked for it again, the heated up restaurant manager produced a smelly partially-wet table mat.', '\n', '\nThe crab was not Jaffna style at all! it was bland and flavourless, and cold in some places, especially the joints! That’s not all, I had to give up on my meal for the love of my own health when the meat started tasting old as if it has started going bad! And what a meal that was; plain rice, flavourless crab curry, and old bread.', '\n', '\nI was upset! My meal was spoiled by substandard food and my mood was spoiled by a not-so-accommodating manager! Then I really tested the man’s patience by telling him what I thought about his food and asking for a finger bowl (oh did I mention that they also don’t give out crab crackers? I didn’t? Well, they don’t!). This  agitated man, I’m guessing out of passion for his low-class food, went all Amy’s-Baking-Company on me and confronted me and threatened me with physical violence (thankfully I got my fingerbowl)!', '\n', '\nWith my art of patience and avoidance, we managed to pay the bill and walk out of there avoiding any confrontation with this unstable bull in a China shop. ', '\n', '\nBottom line? Bad meat, old not-so-onion bread, and unfriendly (to the next level!) service. If you’re a person that loves your health – physical and mental – I would recommended that you avoid this restaurant like stale crab meat (pun intended). There are plenty of restaurants around the Dutch Hospital shopping precinct – all of which I have tried – where you get decent food (not to mention decent managers!). ', '\n', '\nBetter luck next time! To all fellow food lovers, Bon Appétit :)', '\n\n                                            ', "\n\n                                    Probably the worst restaurant I've ever step foot into! What a horrible standard of service, not to mention the awful food!\n                                            ", "\n\n                                    I made the mistake of going to this restaurant with my wife one day for dinner. The staff was unfriendly, the manager was really unprofessional, and the food tasted horrible! I don't know how this restaurant is still in business! If you want to insult your wives, friends, and family; take them to this restaurant.\n                                            "]
contact: Call 0711 115 555
address: 64/4, Chatham Street, Colombo 1 
directions: It's just around the back of the Dutch Hospital, next to the Shamrock bar and lounge and near the green bricked Economic Museum. 
