url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/royal-bakery/review-47965
name: Royal Bakery
excerpt: Royal Bakery is an old timer from Colombo's original bakery scene, going way back to 1906. The shorteats and cakes are still pretty good, and they've expanded to serving rice and kottu too. 
yamu_review: ["Royal Bakery is an oldie from Colombo's original baking scene, going back to 1906, and their shorteats and cakes are still good. We haven't had lunch or dinner here, but they now also do a range of rices and kottu.\xa0", 'The selection here is pretty huge and everything generally looks fresh and good. Besides your usual shorteats and sweet snacks, you can also get sandwiches, breads, biscuits and nice big cookies here, and everything is for less than Rs. 100. Upstairs you get nasi goreng, fried rice, kottu for dinner, and so on, all for around Rs. 200. So as a one-stop-for-all, this place works.\xa0', "We tried the chicken sandwich - simple thick bread and chunky flavoursome curried chicken, very tasty and cheap, also a Chinese roll and the batter fried capsicum. All good. As with most local bakeries though, you're better off buying your savouries early morning, lest the stuff goes bad.\xa0", 'I usually avoid cupcakes at bakeries and leave ', " to it. If it's in a glass display case, high chance it's just going to be a little stale and puffy and the icing's going to be hard to bite into. But the ones at Royal Bakery looked tempting enough - no regrets - this is actually an excellent takeaway cupcake for 70 bucks. It's big, soft, with chocolate chip cookies in the cake and a huge heaping of creamy chocolate chip icing that reminded me a little of Nutella's hazelnut flavour. The eclairs are also not bad at all, better than at most Colombo bakeries.", "Royal Bakery is immensely popular because of its wide selection. It's a much less glamorous, not-quite-there-yet version of ", ". It's usually crowded and right now is under renovation, so there's a mess of steel rods out front too. The inside seems clean but a little haphazard given the crowds harassing the old man at the cashier stand.\xa0", "There's a little plastic seating space upstairs if you're in the mood to sit down and have a rice packet, alongside some unlikely Old England paintings on the walls.\xa0", "Royal Bakery is one of the better ones among Colombo's limited options for over-the-counter baked goods. If you're looking for a mid day snack or easy breakfast, especially if it involves cupcakes, it's worth a shot.\xa0"]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ["\n\n                                    Or rather the old man at the counter harassing the customers. Their selection may be good but I think the taste isn't all that great. A simple straightforward case of overhyping an establishment that has been there for 100 years and it riding the waves of its reputation without much in the way of performance. Their rice meals are ok at best and their pastries are pretty average. You get tastier stuff at fab or sponge albeit a little pricier but better value. The customer service is so poor and the people seated behind the cashier counter are so rude. If the old man cannot take the throngs of hungry customers wishing to get their orders in and pay, then he should step aside and let someone else do it. He was so rude to the point of not giving our change back because he believed we had taken the snacks without paying for it even though we handed him the money a few minutes prior. Then with the most disgruntled look he slammed the change on the counter and turned away. I don't know about you'll but when I eat out I'd appreciate it if it didn't come with the added attitude from the service staff. Never again. Such an overhyped waste of time.\n                                            ", '\n\n                                    Agree with the comments of Saffy. Living in wellawatte for  more than 25 years I have been to this place more often to buy bread & short eats merely because there arent many options in our area. The staff are very arrogant. They never respect customers nor courtious. Nevertheless people, especially from wellawatte throng this place throughout the day. Their eatables are just average and there was a case of a worm found in one of their rice packets which went viral of Facebook recently.', '\n\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Completely agree with saffy. Their food may be good, but their attitude is unbearable…\n                                            ', "\n\n                                    Well you are mistaken there, it's not under-construction, weirdly it's the design of the building,so called  Architectural Marvels\n                                            ", '\n\n                                    The cashier who u mention as old man is the owner of it.have some respect when u mentioing .\n                                            ', "\n\n                                    Doesn't matter if it is the owner or not (if he is the owner then he has more responsibility to treat customers well)… Politeness to customers is paramount. Not like people are eating for free ehh?", '\n', '\nThe other saiver kades in the area and the other kotthu spots in the galle road stretch treat their customers comparatively better than this…\n                                            ']
contact: Call 011 2 588 476
address: 202, Galle Road, Colombo 6  
directions: It's right next to No Limit, opposite St Lawrence Road. 
