url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/skinnytoms-deli/review-218549
name: SkinnyTom's Deli (Bedspace) Unawatuna
excerpt: A great place for eats and hangs at Una
yamu_review: ['Bedspace\xa0is a reasonably new addition to Unwatuna. It’s a hostel/BnB set up with a cafe that’s just been renamed to Skinny Tom’s Deli, though the old name has kind of stuck.\xa0', 'Their food’s really good with service to match. The space and set up is extremely conducive for spending a couple of (or more) chilled out hours reading, writing, drawing, chatting or pretty much anything else you’d do on holiday, even working like I was.\xa0', 'Their menu is big, but not overwhelmingly so. It’s all drawn up with chalk on a wall, so it’s real easy to look through. We went with a couple of breakfast classics, bridging the colonial with the local; the Eggs Benedict and Hoppers. We weren’t disappointed.\xa0', 'We got the the Benedict with rye bread instead of the usual English muffin. It would have been better if it was served hotter. The kankun was a smart (if a little rubbery) touch.', 'The poached eggs were nice and runny and the salmon a tad on the saltier side than we’d like but still good. By the way, all their bread is baked in-house.', 'The Pepper Beef Egg Hoppers were eggcellent. It was nice to see the kitchen not shying away from spicing the beef really well. The gravy is juicy and smooth. The beef was soft and had a nice stringy texture and placed on top of runny egg hoppers (just the right level of runny without having to ask! I love it when that happens).', 'Combine it with a bit of dhal (which we asked for separately) and seeni sambol (which comes with the dish) and you have a smorgasbord of epic flavors that threaten to induce public moans of pleasure.\xa0', 'Their coffee is good and strong and (relatively) dirt cheap. The Double Latte and cappuccino both cost us just Rs. 300 each. The south coast really does have some great coffee spots. Maybe we’ll make a list at some point.', 'They have smoothies and blends too. The Coconut Coriander (Rs 300) is a slightly spicy, vinegary dream. A real pick me up.', 'The brownie is not the best; though it looked like a million bucks, it tasted like two.', 'It was so sugary I\xa0could feel the sugar\xa0crunching in my mouth. The lemon peel and mint added a bit of variety to the flavor but ultimately the brownie was just a too-sweet mess\xa0which felt like swallowing diabetes.', 'There is lots of open space, and room between seats, giving privacy, and nice comfortable chairs. There is great outdoor seating. But be warned, parking can be a pain.\xa0', 'Service was excellent. We went in April and there were free avurudu treats for guests laid out on a table.', 'Staff are attentive, informed and thoroughly helpful. \xa0', "If you’re in Una, craving for some good food and chill vibes go check out Skinny Tom's Deli."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: []
contact: Call 0912 250 662
address: 147, Devala Rd, Unawatuna 
directions: 
                                                
