url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/the-colombo-cafe/review-47203
name: The Colombo Cafe 
excerpt: The Colombo Café  is a new competitor in Colombo’s café square off. While the prices of sandwiches and shakes can put your wallet on the endangered list, their Sri Lankan Buffet deal is the best deal we’ve come across.
yamu_review: ['Currently known as "The Sandwich Club", they’ll be changing their name to The Colombo Café soon. Their menu features a variety of sandwiches, burgers, subs and wraps along with a few basic desserts and drinks.', 'With the wrap stumped for an okay three-runs, next up the batting order was their orange juice (Rs. 250). This tasted pretty ordinary so I wouldn’t be bowled over by it. This one - much like a certain cricketer at the end of his career - goes just short of a duck - two.', 'With a lot of pressure on the game came the Banana Fillet (Rs. 350). This was the dark horse. It’s essentially a banana split, with a crazy amount of sprinkles and an assortment of ice cream flavours. Kids might enjoy this one. The serving of banana could have been better though. The last man performed as good as the first – three.', 'The café itself is pretty stylish. It’s got comfy seating upstairs though you might feel a little isolated there. It seems like a popular place for office crowds (a few guys came to hire it for a small\xa0function while I was there).', 'They’ve got free WIFI for their customers and therefore score a few points on my board. Service is efficient and the manager and his crew are helpful. They do run a tight ship however, with only three including the chef serving customers.', 'The Colombo Café does a good take on some of their dishes, though the price will leave you expecting a wow element, which I found absent. The buffet however comes highly recommended.']
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    you are recommending the buffet by the looks of it?\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Yes, Booruwa. At that price it comes highly recommended. Cheers\n                                            ']
contact: Call 011 2337784
address: No. 19 Chatham St, Colombo 1 
directions: Where Lotus Road meets York Street, turn left onto Chatham St. These guys are next to the Dilmah T House.
