url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/the-grand/review-52897
name: The Grand – Espresso Bar
excerpt: The Grand is a little coffee shop along the bustling  Colombo Road in Negombo. They serve really good drinks and some killer cheesecake for very decent prices.
yamu_review: ["The Grand is a coffee shop with a nondescript exterior, but don't let that put you off. They whip up some great stuff (especially coffee) at even greater prices, particularly when compared to what you'd pay in Colombo. \xa0", "It's a small, cosy space, with a sofa, a cushioned bench, and several tables scattered around. There's also an outdoor seating area at the back. It is minimal and unpretentious, and has a good vibe that has a lot to do with the staff, who are friendly and always smiling (what a difference a smile can make!).\xa0", 'They have a counter full of common breads (buns, pastries etc), and also offer a variety of teas, coffees and cakes.', 'We placed an order for a Hot Chocolate and an Iced Mocha and then sat down with a generous slice of Blueberry Cheesecake.', 'The cheesecake (Rs. 220) was totally worth the price. With a thin biscuit crust, a soft, creamy texture, and gooey blueberry topping, this is THE perfect cheesecake. The cream cheese was not too sweet, and the blueberries had just the right amount of sweetness to balance the rest of the cake out.', 'Our Hot Chocolate (Rs. 150) and Iced Mocha (Rs. 250) came next.', 'We have to say that both drinks were presented really nicely. The Hot Chocolate looked like it had two shades, thanks to the milk-and-dark-chocolate art', 'on top.', 'It', 'looked too pretty to mess up and made us feel bad about drinking it, but wuttodoo. It sadly had to be tasted.', "For Rs. 150, that hot choc came in a pretty large mug. This was legit hot chocolate, unlike the watery or too-thick versions I've tasted around Colombo. It was thick, creamy, and actually hot, not lukewarm. (Btw, we saw cans of Cadbury's Hot Chocolate lining the shelves along the wall behind the counter, so it's most probably what they use ;-))", "The Iced Mocha was a paradox because the coffee's flavour was strong, yet both strong yet subtle at the same time. It tasted as it should of chocolate with a hint of coffee (or was it coffee with a hint of chocolate?) We loved it! Both flavours blended into each other perfectly, and the taste and texture was just right. It also comes with a generous serving of whipped cream at no additional charge.\xa0", "Service was top-notch. The staff are friendly and helpful, and make you feel welcome. The \xa0ambience is nice too, although I think it's something of a cross between that of a relaxed coffeeshop and a bakery. It would be good to have a few more couches spread around , but given that this is right along the Negombo Road, I guess a lot of people drop in just for a quick bite as well.", "The Grand is a quaint and friendly little coffeeshop which could possibly top its more popular contemporaries in Colombo. The prices are wallet-friendly and their portions are generous. You get really good value for money, and I've been told that they're very consistent as well, so you probably won't be disappointed even if you drop in a few months or years from now."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    They also have a branch in Wennappuwa (I think it originated there). ', '\n', "\nCrazy good pastries, has the softest and tastiest bacon-and-egg pastry I've ever had. You actually have to go and get the thing in the morning before it sells out.\n                                            ", '\n\n                                    They bake the best cakes and pastries in Negombo…. \n                                            ', '\n\n                                    How can you not judge/review the espresso of an espresso bar??', '\n', '\nWhat kind of coffee beans do they use? \n                                            ', "\n\n                                    I had the liberty to try out their tremendous range of food for a long long time since I was a kid as I'm from Wennappuwa area. You cannot compare their food and beverages to the fancy restaurants here at Colombo. Try out their Bacon and egg bun or Patties. Just amazing. They actually produce limited amount of food and sells out fast.  \n                                            ", '\n\n                                    Really good coffee, snack buns and pastry for an affordable price. Ordered a slice of pineapple upside down cake and was pleasantly surprised by how fresh and moist it was. Given how negombo can be a pretty expensive town to eat from this place is a great place to grab a bite if you are restricted by a budget. \n                                            ']
contact: Call 0777393684
address: 45, Colombo Road, Negombo 
directions: If you're heading towards Negombo from Colombo, it's a little way off Maris Stella College. There's a Ranjana's clothing store right opposite.
