url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/the-sushi-bar-samurai/review-46112
name: The Sushi Bar (Samurai) 
excerpt: This Japanese stopover is a wonderful addition to Negombo's popular stretch of restaurants. The food and service are great and they've got a sushi conveyor belt in the evenings.
yamu_review: ["The Sushi Bar aka Samurai is a new Japanese restaurant on the Porutota stretch in Negombo. The food we tried out was very fresh and tasty, service was excellent, and we didn't end up spending much either. Unfortunately we visited in the daytime so we couldn't try out their\xa0kaiten zushi (the\xa0sushi conveyor belt), which is switched on only after 5PM.\xa0", "The menu here is pretty extensive - the only thing they didn't seem to have were bento boxes. Everything sounded surprisingly affordable for quality Japanese food, in the Rs. 800 - 1000 range. We ordered some fresh sashimi, sushi rolls and a Japanese dessert.\xa0", 'This plate of California rolls was a very pleasant surprise: eight massive rolls, beautifully presented, for just Rs. 980. California rolls are typically made inside-out, with the seaweed on the inside and the sticky rice on the outside, stuffed with a bit of cucumber, crab meat and avocado. This was very fresh and light, and more than enough for two.\xa0', 'Our salmon sashimi came in six pieces, delicately sliced and incredibly fresh - we were really happy with this one. This cost Rs. 880 which is good when compared to Japanese favourites in Colombo (five pieces at ', 'costs about Rs. 900).\xa0', "Japanese desserts, at least the ones we've tried, tend to be way richer than the mains so it's an acquired taste - either you'll love it or hate it. We were recommended a sweet, warm bowl of Zensai, which is basically mochi or rice cake soaked in red bean soup. Mochi is chewy and interesting and very sweet, but overall this is a really, really sweet dish, and there's a lot of chunky rice cake, so we wouldn't recommend it unless you have a big sweet-toothy appetite even after your main.\xa0", "The restaurant is one long, simply, pale themed space, simple but sleek. One row of tables line the glass wall that looks out onto the hotel hub that is Porutota Road, and the other is next to the sushi conveyor belt which functions in the evenings. There's also a bar near the entrance that serves mocktails in the Rs. 350 range and local and foreign liquor in the Rs. 350 - 500 range (the bottles are fancier at about Rs. 3000+). There's also a stretch of tables outside if you feel like catching some sun.\xa0", "The place, being in Negombo's hotel central, is unsurprisingly frequented by tourists from the area. Service was very good during our visit - even one of the restaurant owners stopped by our table to say hi, and our waitress was well versed with the menu and more than happy to help us pick out our meals.\xa0", "Samurai is a great addition to the restaurant scene in Negombo, especially since the place has more generic beachside eateries than any memorable ones. It may even be the only restaurant on this stretch that specializes in Japanese. The food is fresh, well presented, and not overly pricey - we'd recommend a drop-in if you're in town.\xa0"]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ["\n\n                                    i had a quick lunch here, I'm not a food writer,but I'm a former chef from Canada. i did love the place,pretty funky and quiet,staff was friendly but a little miseducated , food was okay, i  tasted the roe which tasted old ,and ramen had a bowl of ramen and sashimi (i don't know what i was thinking )", '\nand few dishes i wanted that was not available maybe because it was a Wednesday? ', '\nAnyway i assumed that this would be a good place to get a first hand experience in sushi, but in my quest for good  sushi and a tasty catch in Sri Lanka is still not a success .', '\nmy next stop will be Nihonbashi purely for the ramen ! ', '\n\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    We had very high expectations going into this restaurant not just as sushi lovers but also given the unique presentation of the location itself which resembles Wagamama quite closely.', '\r\n', '\r\nUnfortunately the cheer ended at the decor. ', '\r\n', '\r\nAfter finding out that several selections were not available - tuna sashimi for instance, we proceeded to order several items off the menu including some fish roe items, rolls and the like. The rolls were mediocre at best and the wasabe definitely came out of a tube so you know the quality of the establishment when the wasabi isnt the fresh kind and is instead a neon green goo. (TMNT)', '\r\n', '\r\nThe tempura we got was oil ladened to a point that we could not eat it - this is uncharacteristic of japanese food to be dripping with oil and is more consistent of saivar vadas.  ', '\r\n', '\r\nThe coup de gras was that several of us got food poisoning the following morning.', '\r\n', '\r\nIf you know what good japanese food is please dont go here you will be sorely disappointed and most likely come away with a tummy ache. This place is a tourist trap and should remain so.\n                                            ']
contact: Call 031 227 9500
address: Porutota Road, Negombo  
directions: It's right next to Cafe J and  the Jetwing Blue hotel, a few minutes from the Rodeo pub. 
url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/the-sushi-bar-samurai-2/review-159977
name: The Sushi Bar (Samurai)
excerpt: The Samurai Sushi Bar has finally established themselves here in the Big City (they're in Rajagiriya, but still). 
yamu_review: ["Samurai is on the floor above Bread Talk in Rajagiriya. They've got an awesome logo so you can't really miss them. We walked in for lunch at around 12:30-ish, with growling tummies and walked out satisfied.", 'Their menu consists of a range of Japanese fare including some interesting desserts.\xa0', '\r\n', "The Tuna Sashimi (Rs. 780) comes with a few slices of well-prepared tuna resting on\xa0some sort of julienned carrot\xa0and a slice of cucumber for decoration. The tuna was excellent, and tasted like the live fish instead of the dead, sea-water soaked corpse we are so used to in some restaurants. But yeah. The tuna was succulent and slips right down your throat. It's a good starter if you feel like nibbling on something light.", '\r\n', '\r\n', 'From their sushi platter section, we opted for the Assorted Sushi Silver Platter (Rs. 1,680). It comes with 6 pieces of nigiri (tuna, squid, salmon, barramundi, shrimp, egg, and a crispy fried tofu pocket), one piece of roe maki and 6 cucumber rolls.\xa0', 'Each piece of nigiri is actually well done but I must admit some of the fish was placed slightly askew which made picking it up with chopsticks a tricky task.', "\r\nThe squid nigiri was very very chewy but I liked it. If you're fussy then stay away from the squid. The rest of the elements on the plate were pretty basic but satisfying nevertheless. The tofu pocket was crispy but rather oily and the roe maki roll was served with oodles of roe. The cucumber rolls don't make you sob with joy but they'll fill you up all the same. The platter's a fairly good deal for just Rs.1,680 too.", '\r\n', '\r\n', "The Ramen in Miso (Rs. 1,180) as you can see in the picture above; tastes as delicious as it looks. The noodles weren't soggy at all and tasted delicious thanks to having soaked in all the goodness from the miso soup. It came garnished with a few bits of delicious chicken, steamed vegetables, two delicate slices of ", " (fish cakes), half a boiled egg, spring onions and two large sheets of seaweed. All elements in this dish were executed well and there really isn't anything to find fault in save for the fact that they could have served more miso soup.", 'We got a pot of Green Tea (Rs. 270 for a small pot) which serves four cups and is more than enough for two. The tea was your average green tea, but it was a nice accompaniment to sushi.\xa0', "For dessert we went for the Mango Sweetened Snowflakes (Rs. 350) which is really just shaved ice doused in mango syrup. It isn't a big deal but is quite, quite refreshing. As the ice melts it doubles as a drink so I suppose it's convenient — but not special.", "The Tempura Ice Cream (Rs. 450), on the other hand is an absolute treat. It's a scoop of deep fried ice cream, served with mango and a sauce that tastes a lot like ", "This is probably because the gravy/sauce was infused with chillie and vinegar: something that contrasts strongly with the sweet mango and ice cream. When eaten with the ice cream it's a burst of flavour and leaves the tongue confused because you have no idea if it's sweet, sour or savoury. The ice cream melts fairly quickly but I can guarantee you won't leave it for that long once you've had a spoonful.", "The staff are a friendly and polite bunch. They check\xa0on you every so often without it being intrusive or annoying. They also know their way around the menu well so if you're confused just ask and they'll help you out.", "They have a separate floor for larger groups so call ahead and make a reservation if you're going in with more than 5 people.", "\r\nThe restaurant has a quaint and quirky ambience to it with tiny wooden tables and chairs. What I absolutely loved was the mural depicting a fight scene between two samurai. It's a brilliant touch and really livens the place up. Very Samurai Jack. For you anime lovers this is a cool place to chill at and talk about Attack on Titan or whatever.\xa0", "They're not cheap by any means, but I'd say this is definitely a good place to get sushi if you're not up for forking over thousands of rupees. The place is cosy, the staff is pleasant and the food is great. Definitely a must-visit."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    Just saying, Sushi was never traditionally eaten with chopsticks. \n                                            ']
contact: Call 070 355 1551
address: 226, Sri Jayawardenepura Mawatha, Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte
 
directions: It's the floor above the Rajagiriya Bread Talk.
