url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/the-spectrum/review-36986
name: The Spectrum
excerpt: The Spectrum, formerly known as the Coco Fresh Bar, is a small waffle bar at the Liberty Arcade. The waffles are quite ordinary but they do a solid Milo shake.
yamu_review: ['The Spectrum, formerly known as Coco Fresh Bar, is a small waffle bar at the Liberty Arcade. Their waffles were quite ordinary but they do a solid Milo shake.', 'So clearly waffles are the new fad, with more eateries not just offering but specializing in them. Compared to the competition, that is, ', ' and ', ", we'd say The Spectrum comes in at a somewhat distant third. The prices are pretty much on par with the others with savory waffles priced at Rs. 200 (+ Rs. 100 for toppings) and sweet waffles priced at Rs. 350 (+ Rs. 100 for toppings). Besides the waffles they also offer milkshakes at around Rs. 350.", "We tried the savory waffle with chicken and cheese (Rs. 225 for one). The waffles in both the dishes we tried were very ordinary in flavour, thin and slightly overcooked. Unfortunately, the filling in this one was also underwhelming with a lot of onions, some shredded chicken and a bit of cheese. Comparing this to what we tried at the Waffle Corporation, it doesn't really come close. ", "The sweet waffle with chocolate sauce (Rs. 175 for one) was a bit better, but nothing really special. We wanted to try out the vanilla custard with strawberries but neither was available, so we went with the safest bet. This one was slightly better because of the chocolate sauce which wasn't overly sweet and had the right consistency.", "The Milo shake (Rs. 380) was one thing we could not complain about. It's super rich and creamy, with the most amount of Milo we've ever gotten in a beverage. ", "The Spectrum is a small stall with a few seats out back, so the ambience is the surrounding Liberty Arcade. The place was practically dead when we went so we managed to have a peaceful time, but we'd imagine it being less pleasant during crowded hours.", "If you're looking for waffles we wouldn't really recommend The Spectrum with the Waffle Corporation just around the corner. But if you're at the Arcade, and looking to grab quick bite or milkshake, they're not bad."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    People will forget about the waffles when they see the guy behind the stove though ! yummy ! \n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Milkshake is not bad. Calm environment to spend some time with the loved ones. ', '\nStaf is very friendly and it is not crowded. ', '\n\n                                            ']
contact: Call 072 886 8984
address: 282, R.A. De Mel Mawatha, Colombo 03 
directions: From the Colpetty Junction turn right to Duplication Rd at the Liberty Roundabout. The Spectrum is on the ground floor of the new Liberty Arcade.
