url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/the-savoury-monkey/review-189274
name: The Savoury Monkey
excerpt: A home baker in Sri Jayawardenapura specialising in both sweet and savoury treats.
yamu_review: ["The Savoury Monkey is a new home baker based in Sri Jayawardenapura, serving both sweet and savoury treats. They're very new, as demonstrated by a visit to their Facebook page, which has few pictures and even less information. You have to message them to ask about what they offer, since the Facebook page lacks a menu/price listt. The week we ordered they only had brownies and strawberry tarts on offer, so those were what we went with.", "The brownies (Rs. 80 a piece) are\xa0ooey gooey pieces of paradise. I want to marry these brownies, honeymoon in Venice with them and raise children named after Bob Dylan songs ('Corinna Corinna', 'To Ramona', 'Farewell Angeline', etc) with them. These brownies would treat me RIGHT. While most brownies are more sugar than cocoa, these were rich and chocolatey - I'm assuming they used dark chocolate in them rather than milk. I like my brownies very slightly bitter (to balance out\xa0the sugar), and these definitely delivered. They've also got chunks of cashew in them, for a lil something extra, although\xa0the bottom of the brownie was slightly gooey and uncooked, which was disappointing. Other than that, grab\xa0a corner piece (or 4) and settle down with a 2000s rom-com - you're all set.", "The strawberry tarts (Rs. 80 a piece) are, unfortunately, quite basic. They consisted of\xa0a tart base filled with whipped cream and topped with strawberry slices in a pretty flower design. While it gets points for presentation, the tart was quite unexceptional in all other aspects. The base was decent, but the ratio of cream to base was slightly off - it was quite dry, so a bit more cream might've balanced it out. The only strawberry flavour comes\xa0from the sliced strawberry on top of the art. If you're looking for a very basic strawberry tart - although I don't know why you would be - this is the one."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: []
contact: Call 0771317821
address: Kurundha Mawatha, Cemetery Road, Sri Jayawardenapura, Kotte. 
directions: 
                        
