url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/the-vov-coffee-lounge/review-198387
name: The VoV Coffee Lounge
excerpt: The VoV Coffee Lounge is a little eatery at Wellawatte that serves up 100% vegan food. They're fairly priced, the food is tasty and their burgers are sure to satisfy.
yamu_review: ["Although they're The VoV Coffee Lounge, there actually isn't a special menu for coffee. Rather, their main focus happens to be burgers. They've got a range of burgers, sandwiches and the like and they also happen to serve lunch. We stuck to the burgers.", '\r\n', 'The place used to be The Vegan Kitchen, but is now run by Shash and his friends. They source their own ingredients both locally and internationally and stick to a strict, 100% vegan ethic.', '\r\n', "The 'Degeneres' (Rs. 400) is a mock-fish burger that comes with a side of hand cut fries and a small dish of sauce.", "The burger itself is stacked with three 'fish' steaks, tomatoes, onions, lettuce and slices of avocado. It tasted so strongly of fish that Kavindu (vegetarian) got confused for a second and actually felt uncomfortable eating it.\xa0", "Upon further tasting, the fishy essence subsides a bit and you can actually taste a distinct soy flavour, so rest assured there's nothing ", ' (heh) about this burger.', '\r\n', 'On the day we visited, they had a special meal offer for The Dinklage burger (Rs. 599) where you get the burger +\xa0fries, dessert and a drink.\xa0', "The burger comes with a hefty, 'meaty' patty that's supposed to be a substitute for chicken. They told us that the patty is made from pure wheat gluten which they make themselves. Shash also told us that since acquiring gluten flour here is a bit difficult, so he spends a few painstaking hours making gluten from scratch using normal wheat flour.\xa0", "The patty itself didn't give off a strong meat taste and we couldn't quite distinguish if it was supposed to be chicken or beef. This didn't matter because it was still delicious. It's nice and grilled and comes coated in a delicious barbecue sauce, and the usual onions, tomatoes and lettuce.\xa0", 'We also found the play on their dish names (Dinklage, Degeneres etc) to be a hilarious quirk because coincidentally they all happen to be famous vegan celebrities.', '\r\n', 'The drink we got was a full glass of iced tea that retails for Rs. 100 (but is free with the meal). As opposed to horrific, syrupy synthetic concoctions that most cafes dish up, this is actual, strong tea with real lemon slices infused into it.', "We know this because although it isn't visible in the picture, there was a fat slice of lemon chilling at the bottom.", "Everyone who works here does so voluntarily. They're all devoted to a good cause and spend their free time helping out at the café. The staff are friendly and very engaging so don't hesitate to strike up a convo if you're bored.\xa0", "The place is pretty small, with ample seating for about 10 people. The furniture is pretty simple and they've kept their decor to a minimum with a few pictures of animals (of course) all over the walls.\xa0", "I'd actually skip the ridiculous meal prices at a fast food place here and opt for VoV's burgers instead. The portion sizes are huge and filling. Plus, according to common knowledge, vegan food is hella expensive but VoV's prices are fair."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: []
contact: Call 077 720 2166
address:  22/3, 00600, Ramakrishna Rd, Colombo 
directions: 
                                    
