url: https://www.yamu.lk/place/wonderbar/review-51961
name: Wonderbar
excerpt: Wonderbar is a sweet-toothed vegan's dream come true. They offer you gluten, sugar, and dairy-free desserts and smoothies,
yamu_review: ["We went all-out healthy today, and ordered a bunch of desserts from Wonderbar (at like 11.30 AM) to the YAMU office. In spite of its brand name, this isn't the Elephant House ice cream we're all accustomed to. The Wonderbar outlet is all about smoothies and puddings — very healthy smoothies and puddings, to be precise.", "While they don't have an outlet of their own at the moment, they do have an FB page and market their produce at the Good Market Shop on Reid Avenue. That's right opposite the Colombo Racecourse, within the Lakpahana premises.", '\xa0', "Wonderbar is a very-healthy-and-vegan person's dream come true, as the food and drinks are gluten, dairy, AND sugar free (seriously, how much healthier could you get?). Instead of sugar, they use local ", ', and dates in some instances. \xa0We were told that the yogi pudding line is flavoured using ', "whereas other puddings like the Basil Seed and Mango Pudding are sweetened using dates. The puddings also come with these really cool spoons fashioned out of coconut shells. We found them fascinating and a lot of fun to eat with — for some reason, it's a lot more fun scooping pudding out of coconut shells than it is to use boring ol' plastic or metal spoons.", "We went for the Strawberry Dazzle, the Basil Seed and Mango Pudding and the Passion Lover. All three were very creamy and slightly gelatinous in texture. Where flavour was concerned, we all unanimously agreed that the Strawberry Dazzle 'tasted very healthy' — and that isn't always the best thing, flavour-wise.\xa0Someone also noticed that it tasted more of coconut than strawberry. I'd rate this dessert a 2/5.", "The Basil Seed and Mango Pudding describes itself as a 'guiltless coconut dessert', and it does taste pretty guiltless. Luscious and creamy, the mango flavour is very subtle in this one. This is the sort of dessert that doesn't ruin your diet and makes you feel good, too.\xa0", "The group's favourite, though, was Passion Lover. This feisty little dessert packed a punch, and also had a slight crunchy texture to it. The passion fruit flavour came out nicely, and added a little zest to our day.", "I say 'the drinks' but we just had a couple of drinks, really. And they were milk — cashew milk! A bit of intense research (ok, I kid. I just Googled it) tells me that cashew milk is non-dairy and easily digestible by the lactose intolerant.", "We ordered the Mochanut cashew milk and the strawberry-flavoured cashew milk. I basically run on coffee, but the Mochanut didn't really cut ice with me. I found the drink's texture a bit too chalky, and the taste a tad too light. It didn't have the kick that a caffeinated drink should ideally provide, but that's just my personal taste. On the other hand, the strawberry cashew milk was much better — it didn't have the grainy texture the Mochanut had. It was light, subtle and smooth, and also tasted much better than its puddingy counterpart.", "Go for it. If you're really health-conscious and trying to maintain a diet (or if you're trying to cut down on those gloriously unhealthy sugary goodies), this is the perfect substitute for mainstream desserts. Switching over to the healthy side isn't going to kill anyone, except maybe a bit of your soul. Just kidding.", "The prices are slightly on the higher side, especially since the portions aren't very large. The puddings were for Rs. 465 (except the mango and basil one, which was priced at Rs. 435), and the cashew milk was for Rs. 320. However, given the fact that you'd be hard-pressed to find sugar, gluten, and dairy-free produce over here, I'd say that this is a good deal overall."]
user_reviews: []
user_comments: ['\n\n                                    It doesn\'t list "sugar" as an ingredient but it still has sugar - whether it\'s from treacle or dates. A more accurate term would be "no refined sugar".', '\n', "\nAnd isn't it self evident that cashew is non dairy?\n                                            ", '\n\n                                    Their whole sugar-free, lactose-free, gluten-free industry is based on fads and not scientific evidence. ', '\n', "\n1. It's foolish and ridiculous to think that treacle (kithul pani) is healthier than regular sugar. They both contain high amounts of fructose (some variants contain even more fructose than regular sugar). And high amounts of fructose is bad for your health, whether you take it as sugar, or any other form (unless you're eating fruits, in which case it's bound to soluble fiber and the absorption is less). So sorry to burst your bubble, but consuming treacle instead of sugar doesn't make you healthy. It can be harmful because you *think* it's healthy, and that leads you to consume *more* of it than you would otherwise consume as regular sugar.", '\n', "\n2. Unless you're lactose intolerant, or a vegan, there is no benefit of cashew milk/almond milk/soy milk etc. for your health over regular dairy. It's just a lot more expensive. And when it comes to a small drink like this, even a lactose intolerant person can handle the amount of lactose if you use dairy.", '\n', '\n3. It has been scientifically proven that unless you have celiac disease (which is very uncommon in Asians) or sensitivity to gluten (which is rarer), a gluten-free diet gives you no health benefit. (If you have celiac disease, you would probably know it by now). In fact, a gluten-free diet can make you miss out on important stuff, because food that contain gluten also have other important nutrients.  ', '\n', '\nSo yeah, none of these so-called "healthy food" actually have a health benefit. Some can even be harmful. ', '\n', '\nIf you have more money than sense, go for this stuff.\n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Well said! Always a pleasure reading a logical and well written argument which seem to be extremely rare on Sri Lankan Web Sites. \n                                            ', '\n\n                                    This is a fantastic comment  by "Ch". Probably the best comment I\'ve come across (lucid, fact ridden and no name calling).', '\n', "\nI am all for variety in the Lankan food scene, and it's great that we are seeing options such as gluten, vegan and dairy free products emerging. BUT I'm totally against the way a lot of these diet & lifestyle choices get propagated with misinformation.\n                                            ", '\n\n                                    One word of caution…. cashew milk and coconut milk, dates and kitul pani may not be the very diet friendly (as in weight- loss diet friendly)  they have lots of health benefits and are definitely better for you than processed sugar  and are lactose/vegan friendly. BUT according tot the calories counter app I use, a  cup of full cream milk clocks in at about 80-100 calories, a cup of  cashew milk has about 180 and coconut milk has over 200. 4 tsps of sugar have about 70 calories, 4 dates have over 200… and so on… so if you eat normal size portions of the stuff you might find yourself packing on the pounds (in a very healthy way! ) :P \n                                            ', '\n\n                                    1st Vegan Restaurant is now open at Wellawatha', '\r\nThe vegan Kitchen Sri Lanka', '\r ', ' \n                                            ', '\n\n                                    Just want to know if they sell cashew milk and almond milk in cartons?\n                                            ']
contact: Call 077 915 8442
address: 14, Reid Avenue, Colombo 7 
directions: Opposite the Colombo Racecourse, enter Lakpahana and you'll find the Good Market outlet. Wonderbar products are available there.
